# All Core Devs Meeting #10
### Meeting Date/Time: 2018/11/19 at 16:00 UTC

## Agenda
- Appoint note takers (Griff)
- Introduce team members who haven’t already met each other (~0-10min)
- Aragon One updates from last call and current priorities (~5-10min)
- Aragon DAC updates from last call and current priorities (~5-10min)
- Technical freeform discussion

## Notes
Updates from A1
- AGP-1
  - Started vote on thursday, lasted 48 hours
  - Passed resoundingly
  - Deployed new versions of the front-end to support it
  - Forum posts: https://forum.aragon.org/t/request-for-comment-agp-1-the-aragon-governance-proposal-process/233/16, https://forum.aragon.org/t/evaluating-the-agp-1-voting-results-makes-me-think-we-need-an-aragon-community-token-act/290 
- Actor App
  - Contracts completed
  - UX questions and discussions
  - Forum posts: https://forum.aragon.org/t/actor-app-arbitrary-actions-from-daos/275/11 
- Staking v2
  - New contract by the end of the week… unlocking a lot of research.
  - Forum posts: https://forum.aragon.org/t/staking-locks-spec-v2/217/1 
- Lorikeet
  - Migration from aragon UI to Lorikeet
  - Chat: https://matrix.to/#/!xXlJVgDUrpIXVQkkrq:matrix.org 
- Althea deployed on test net
  - Main net soon
  - Given support for CLI

DAC Updates:
- Codify internal practices 
  - Will become external facing soon
- Tutorials 
  - We have a doc that can be shared (LINK)
    - Moving into a more narrative based approach, covering the entire stack
  - Integrating things like the actor app into the tutorials
- General efforts pushing on the CLI and JS
- Jeremy is working on the provider

Payroll
- Protofire has made it thru the payroll app’s second milestone
  - Under review, but it looks really good!
  - Q is reviewing tues or wed
    - Technical pass and milestone completion
- Jorge wants to do a security review
- Rollout for payroll app
  - Will use it for A1’s payroll
  - Won’t endorse it but it will be there if people want to use it.
  - External security review will have to happen before we endorse it as usable by anybody

Ongoing security audits for contracts (Jorge)
- Security audits is a pain, cost and time wise
- Aragon Association / Network would like to figure out a way to do ongoing security audits
- AGP should be created by auditors by Jan (next set of votes) to provide security services for the Association / Network
- Any contract changes throughout the project should fall under the umbrella
- Similar to Trail of Bits & Parity?
- Stake: reputation

Automated Deployment Testing (Adria)
- Look into checking the deployments in an automated way
  - Both options: manual testing and automated
  - This allows to check the tool that’s checking the code instead of the code
    - Allows for more re-use as deployments will have similar elements that need testing
  - Manual testing should still be done for more complicated issues
- All companies that manage value on this scale should use a monitoring process like this to ensure everything is okay
- Right now everyone is responsible as there is no ‘central’ checking point
- If we can generate some automatic checking mechanism that ensures everything is okay in the DAO is a tool that could be added to DAppNode and run by users regularly.
- People who create new apps could create a model to ensure invariants are consistent
- Checking the deployments manually feels uncomfortable, it’s not ensured that things are being checking in the proper way
- This is not currently on Aragon One’s roadmap
- Jorge is not worried about the current deployment
  - Params are set as they should be
  - There is a very narrow attack space
  - Checking invariants would be super useful
  - Currently there’s only ~3k in value held in Mainnet DAOs
- The tools that exist may not be sufficient
  - There is no standard for tools to check contracts of this type
  - Aragon could spearhead creating tools that could be used by a larger community
- This sounds like mythril
  - When something happens ensure that storage bases fit a given set of invariants
  - Could use a trustless killswitch to lock contracts if there’s a provable way to break an invariant
- There’s two sides; monitoring metrics and monitoring health
  - Normally things are looked into when something breaks
  - Tools could be developed to predict when something is about to break

Aragon.js migration to rxjs 6
- Now would be a really good time to handle these changes
- Freeze code and then make the migration
- Daniel has fixed merge conflicts, need to merge open PRs
- Testing needs to be done to ensure these changes won’t break anything major

Different Git Branches for Contract Repos
- There’s the mainnet versions that need to be maintained
- Future contracts should be in a separate branch (dev, next)
- Mostly for aragon apps
- A branch for frontend upgrades?
  - Naaaaaaaaaaaa keep them on the default branch
- Master is deployable now
- Dev branch is the place for contract changes and other breaking changes… its the next big release branch
  - This should happen in CLI and other branches as well
  - There is value in this being standardized across 
- An AGP? 
  - Maybe too much…
  - We do need to make this a standard
    - Readme or wiki addition
    - Quazia likes it in a github repo
  - Forum post: https://forum.aragon.org/t/git-branch-convention-for-aragon-repos/298 
- Gitcoin integration
  - Planning app does it ;-)
- Hackathon by status after Aracon
  - Would love if the DAC could support the hackathon
  - Will there be an aragon all devs meeting
    - Maybe?
    - Daniel, Quazia, and Jeremy will probably be able to make it

Last topics

Having 2 branches, Master/Develop might not be the best thing?
- We will have versions on their own branch
  - Cool sounds great!
  - 0.5 is a protected branch so people can spin up a front end for 0.5
    - We will follow this pattern

DOUBLE DIGITS!!!! 10th all devs meeting ever! #Domination #winning #10morecoming

## Attendance
A1: Luis, Jorge, Bingen, Luke, Brett

DAC: Daniel, Quazia, Jeremy, Griff

## License
This template is borrowed from the Ethereum All Core Devs call notes [template](https://github.com/ethereum/pm/blob/master/All%20Core%20Devs%20Meetings/Meeting%20Template.md) and inherits the same [CC-BY-SA 3.0 License](https://github.com/ethereum/pm/blob/master/LICENSE).
