# All Aragon Devs #21

Call #21: April 29, 2019 8am PST / 11am EST / 3pm UTC / 5pm CEST
- [Audio/video of the meeting](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=mEwIYAaLUJ0)
- See [notes](#notes)

## Agenda

- Appoint note takers
- Introduce team members who havenâ€™t already met each other (~0-10min)
- Aragon One updates from last call and current priorities (~5-10min)
- Aragon Autark updates from last call and current priorities (~5-10min)
- Open Work Labs updates from last call and current priorities (~2min)
- Aragon Mesh updates from the last call and current priorities (~5-10min)
- Aragon Black updates from the last call and current priorities (~5-10min)
- Topics

## Proposed topics

- ANV #2 results
- Nest update (AA)
- [Organization identity](https://forum.aragon.org/t/proposed-design-for-a-daos-home-page-within-aragon/826) (Autark)
- TheGraph collaboration for state reducing (Aragon Black)
- Flock coordination (only flock leads; AA)

## Notes

### Introductions

- Deam from Aragon Black

### Updates

#### Aragon One

- 0.7
- 0.7.1 (next days)
- Aragon Court
- Staking
- aragonAPI work with caching

#### Autark

- All apps released in Rinkeby
- Templates accessible via Autark URL
- We've found some interesting behavior with non-MetaMask extension providers when gas fails to be estimated. Will continue investigating a better flow to handle these cases
- Different Metamask [snag](https://github.com/MetaMask/metamask-extension/issues/6514) we encountered was fixed: v6.4.1 released to Chrome web store
- Functioning version for Profiles
- Starting work on Home app

#### Open Work Labs

- Integration with 3Box going fairly smoothly
    - Iframe sandbox restrictions
- Ongoing discussions for pinning and distributed databases
    - Collaborative clusters look promising
    - Leveraging 3Box's discussions protocol
- 3Box generally sounds pretty positive
- Forum and blog posts to go out this week on the research

#### Aragon Mesh

- New version of aragen
    - Updated version of apps to 0.7
    - Agent app
    - `open.aragonpm.eth` registry deployed
- New version of aragonCLI
    - New command: `aragon start` for starting the client
    - New command: `aragon apm extract-functions` for extracting artifact information from contracts
    - `verbose` option to `aragon devchain`
    - Update client to 0.7
    - Transaction pathing for `apm publish`
- Future
    - Adding more documentation
    - Deploying separate versions of apps on aragen
    - Testing + growing team

### Aragon Black

- Happy to be a Flock team now :)
- Work on Apiary, should be finished this week
    - Fee mechanisms.
    - Ability to pay for gas, batch processing is not straight forward so worked on a new way to clean the batch so that people can automate this.
    - Refactor contract to split into smallest possible.
- Frontend design ready and has started working on implementation for the curve.
    - Experimenting with different charting libraries.
    - The following example is using http://recharts.org.
    - https://8nojyn0op0.codesandbox.io/
- Work on tests

### Nest

The Network is growing and AA wants to coordinate short updates about NEST.
Open space to have conversations about lacking/needed tech that's not directly related to any of the Flock teams.

### Announcements


### Discussions

- ANV2 results
    - [AGP28](https://github.com/aragon/AGPs/blob/master/AGPs/AGP-28.md)
        - Make deployments as easy as they are now
        - How to allocate security partner tokens?
        - Organize between Flock teams
    - [AGP37](https://github.com/aragon/AGPs/blob/master/AGPs/AGP-37.md)
        - AA still has decision to outsource security partners (due to AGP43)
    - [AGP42](https://github.com/aragon/AGPs/blob/master/AGPs/AGP-42.md)
        - Aragon focused only in Ethereum (did not pass)
        - Options: Polkadot, Cosmos (suggested by Olivier), xDai

#### Organization Identity

- Need to pull data into the Home section for widgets
- The forwarder may need to pull state data for things like dao member metadata
- Comments about potential caveat with auth services being deployed to IPFS on cases where they need to store sensible data like private API keys. Brett suggested some [workarounds](https://github.com/ethereum/web3.js/issues/2739).

#### IPFS collaborative cluster proposal
- Discussion and details at [forum](https://forum.aragon.org/t/aragon-network-ipfs-pinning/824)

#### Flock coordination

- Open discussion for if/ how to improve flock coordination
    - Are the current tools good? Can they be improved?
    - All devs are useful
- Let's keep using the forum and sync up calls
- Think about a more central space to share designs (Figma? github.com/aragon/design?)
- How do we share flock roadmap proposals / items?
    - Communication between devs on aragon.chat/#dev/, the forum, and Github
    - Perhaps a way formalize Aragon Improvement Proposals? (Louis to ask John about this)
    - Make a flock channel for annoucements about important development package updates
        - Maybe email list? (product@aragon.org, app-devs@aragon.org)
        - Keybase channel is better?
- Should every Flock team use the #check-in channel on aragon.chat?
    - How could we make it better?
    - Can we group the updates to be per team? Perhaps a team lead should update what the team is planning / did that week?

## Attendance:

Aragon Black: Olivier, Deam, Cory

A1: Brett, Gorka, Jorge, Paty, Pierre, Maria, Luke, Facu

Autark: Arthur, Kevin, Yalda, Otto, Radek

Open Work Labs: Jonathan

Aragon Mesh: Gabi

AA: Louis

Community:

Consensys Dilligence: Martin, John


## License
This template is modified from the Ethereum All Core Devs call notes [template](https://github.com/ethereum/pm/blob/master/All%20Core%20Devs%20Meetings/Meeting%20Template.md) and inherits the same [CC-BY-SA 3.0 License](https://github.com/ethereum/pm/blob/master/LICENSE).
