# All Core Devs Meeting #15
### Meeting Date/Time: 2019/02/04 at 15:00 UTC

## Agenda
- Appoint note takers 
- Introduce team members who haven’t already met each other (~0-10min)
- Aragon One updates from last call and current priorities (~5-10min)
- Aragon DAC updates from last call and current priorities (~5-10min)
- Aragon Autark updates from last call and current priorities (~5-10min)
- Technical freeform discussion
- Aragon 0.7 release
- Recording/livestreaming these
- [CLI roadmap & strategy](https://www.notion.so/aragon/CLI-roadmap-strategy-30f8cfcdf2f8483f96e6cd4b580960d5)
- AGP-18 updates

## Notes
Note takers: Gorka, Maria

Introductions:
- Yalda. Project Manager & UX for Autark

Team updates:
Aragon One
- Aracon
- Plans for 0.7, define scope:
  - Notifications
  - App center
    - Live contract updates
  - Security for AGP with Authio
  - Responsive from pre-release to final version
  - Tags for addresses
  - UI for Actor App (Frame is going to be the first project using this)
  - Expected tImeline for Aragon Network

DAC
- Putting together Nest grants for CLI and Liquid Pledging
- Enjoyed Aracon :) and happy to be working on the project

Autark
- Finishing milestone 3 from TPS
- Sharpening Autark’s roadmap
- Waiting on kickoff for the funds from Association

Aragon 0.7: Reasonable to bring down scope, work on these for the next couple of months

Recording/livestream All Devs Call: Brett figuring out logistics on how to
- Reminding everyone they can propose topics on the different channels and that they can join
- Previous recording will be available in the wiki

[CLI Roadmap & strategy](https://www.notion.so/CLI-roadmap-strategy-30f8cfcdf2f8483f96e6cd4b580960d5)
- Outline work on short term and long term work as well as ongoing work
- Touches on the priorities
- Purpose is to get feedback (want to avoid two weeks to receive feedback)
- Looking for feedback on the Onboarding Wizard: help users via a prompt to set up an Organization
  - Feedback: maybe good idea to use a Wrapper on top of the tool, but this is a good idea
- Sol-trace Human readable stack trace 
  - Feedback:
    - Can we use sol-trace as default?
    - How does sol-trace work?
    - A lot of things make sense in the proposal, it’ll be cool to work on these
- Gabi asked for more comments/feedback as it is a long document

AGP-18
- Clarification as it affects how we develop: Authio will partner with Consensys Diligence to audit
- They’ll do a base audit
- Until the 3 month trial they’ll be advised by Consensys Diligence
- Security partners working aligned with Aragon One’s roadmap but idea is to work with other teams (Flock and Nest) yet these teams are not ready for audits
- Important to prioritize Actor App
- Weekly priority sessions
- Communications will be private starting out so that nothing leaks (there is responsibility of being invited to this channel)
- Yalda question:
  - Funding is coming through a DAO. What happens if a vulnerability is found and the funds are lost? Do teams have to create another proposal?
  - Jorge: there is no plan as there are no guarantees if this happens. Aragon One feels confident about the code and that’s why it is being used but there are no guarantees. Another AGP would make sense in case it happens.
  - Should we bring Stefano into the conversation? He wanted to bring the whole Association into a DAO.

## Attendance
A1: Luis, Gorka, Maria, Luke, Brett, Bingen, Pierre, Paty, Jorge, Paul?

DAC: Griff, Gabi

Protofire: Manu

Autark: Yalda, Radek

## License
This template is borrowed from the Ethereum All Core Devs call notes [template](https://github.com/ethereum/pm/blob/master/All%20Core%20Devs%20Meetings/Meeting%20Template.md) and inherits the same [CC-BY-SA 3.0 License](https://github.com/ethereum/pm/blob/master/LICENSE).
