---
tags: alldevs
---

# All Aragon Devs #28 Notes
Call #28: July August 5, 2019 8am PST / 11am EST / 3pm UTC / 5pm CEST

- [Audio/video of the meeting](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=QD5Q8dR3D_Q)
- [See notes](#notes)

### Agenda
* Appoint note takers
* Introduce team members who haven’t already met each other (~0-5min)
* Aragon One updates from last call and current priorities (~5min)
* Aragon Autark updates from last call and current priorities (~5min)
* Open Work Labs updates from last call and current priorities (~2min)
* Aragon Mesh updates from the last call and current priorities (~5min)
* Aragon Black updates from the last call and current priorities (~5min)
* Topics
    * ANV #3
    * Cross-flock product development pipeline ([forum post](https://forum.aragon.org/t/aragon-client-product-development-pipeline/1142/3)) (Brett)
    * Flock-common aragonPM registry (A1)
    * Token whitelisting release (Autark)

### Notes

#### Aragon One

- Finishing finance, tokens, and voting for 0.8
- 0.8 internal testing can be seen here: preview.aragon.org

- Court
    - Mostly merging new updates to dev.
    - Splitting the staking part.
    - Improved modularity / encapsulation.
    - Getting closer to a 100% implementation.
    - Need another review for the complex parts, but getting there.
    - https://github.com/aragon/aragon-court

#### Autark

##### Previous 2 weeks

- Finalized the profiles for agp-19: setup a preview environment at preview.autark.xyz where the profiles is included as part of the client. the remaining work for profiles is integrating it with the identity provider and we will pick that up near the end of the month or early next month.
- Made changes to the Rewards and AddressBook contracts in response to audit, and passed it back to auditors for re-review
- Finalized upgrading our Allocations contract
- Finalized updating our dot-voting contract and performed an internal audit on the code. After a few tweaks we will hand it off to our security auditors, mixbytes today.
- Began gaining familiarity with the new aragonUI components and the design system, and started off with converting the address book which will be completed today.
- Finalized contract code for token-manager whitelisting
- Continued work on discussions by integrating the functionality into dot voting
- External intents PR accepted into aragon-SDK (OWL/Jon)
- We had planning discussions on transitioning to regular release cycles for our development

##### Next 2 weeks

- Address PR comments for forwarder-api and implement caching
- Update the token manager app to integrate with the new contract
- Continue security audit engagement
- Continue upgrading our apps to the new design system and aragonUI components
- Begin and ideally complete the initial features for organiztion settings by mid-month
- Wrap up any loose ends with the discussions work (OWL)

#### Open Work Labs

- Profiles and Discussions
- Needs review on external intents in Aragon client

#### Aragon Mesh

Previous two weeks:

- New version of aragonCLI and move to stable version
    - IPFS separation and updated prepublish workflow
    - Bew aragen version:
        - Update devchain snapshot to include: aragon client build, new templates, Open Enterprise and Payroll apps
        - New command to check devchain status
    - Introduced some style & UX improvements

Next two weeks:

- Work on new version that will remove deprecated code, separate on new packages (e.g. ipfs-commands)
- New features:
    - aragon run against live rinkeby/mainnet org: [disscussion issue](https://github.com/aragon/aragon-cli/issues/632)
    - Use the client prebuild rather than building it every time
    - Abstract how we fetch files from aragonPM


#### Aragon Black
- Done updating all contracts taking care of security audit feedback
- New updates are getting audited right now
- Contract side, we are good
- Need to update the bg scripts to match the new batching system and final frontend updates
- In sync with Brett
- Orgs want to have a pre sale functionality so we are looking into that
    - Might not be in rinkeby release but later
- Updating Pando frontend to be compatible with the new design system


#### Aragon Association

No update (Louis is on vacation)

### Discussions

#### ANV #3

- The most important vote that passed is Autark’s full year of funding.
- Nothing has a big impact on the technical side.

#### Cross-flock product development pipeline

https://forum.aragon.org/t/aragon-client-product-development-pipeline/1142/3

It should happen between the strategy and product working groups.

#### Flock-common aragonPM registry (A1)

This is an idea that came from deploying applications.

What if we make flock.aragonpm.eth, that would contain apps that are not as reviewed / audited as apps on aragonpm.eth. The process to add someone could be done manually.

We could also have team-specific domains, like autark.aragonpm.eth, etc.

Having team-specific namespace might be a better solution, to communicate on who is the maintainer.

Yalda: feel like ideally we need to upgrade the architecture and permissioning of aragonpm to have tiers of permissions & releases.

**Action items**: Jorge to write forum post, will initially create a centralized repository. Can discuss names in the forum post.

#### Token whitelisting release (Autark)

Do we need to get this deployed soon?

Arthur: it would be better to have it before Q1 2020.

Yalda: it is important for people to be able to earn non-transferable tokens in the projects app.

Luke: being able to have the bounties in Dai would also be another way to approach that.

We could whitelist on initialization only.

Yalda: it would be nice to have a UI at some point, integrated into Tokens or not, to manage that.

**Action items**: we need to get the experimental aragonPM repo first, then we can deploy this app.

### Attendance

Aragon Black: Olivier and Deam

Aragon Mesh: Gabi

Aragon One: Daniel, Brett, Jorge, Facu, Luke, Ale, Pierre

Autark: Yalda, Otto, Quazia, Kevin, Chad, Jonathan, Ola, Radek.

### License
This template is modified from the Ethereum All Core Devs call notes template and inherits the same CC-BY-SA 3.0 License.
