# All Core Devs Meeting #6
### Meeting Date/Time: 2018/09/24

## Agenda

- Appoint note takers
  - Griff and Maria
- Introduce team members who haven’t already met each other (~0-10min)
  - Altoros/Protofire (Manu and Leonardo): Manu runs the blockchain unit. Build dedicated teams working on different projects
- Aragon One updates from last call and current priorities (~5-10min)
  - aragonOS audit update
    - Now everything is being audited 
    - Changes: https://github.com/aragon/aragonOS/wiki/aragonOS-4:-Updates-to-aragonOS-and-aragon-apps
  - Sprint updates
    - A lot of progress on the finance and voting apps. 
    - Improve deposit Aragon/design (repo)
    - TCR contracts and payroll contracts will need to be updated
- Aragon DAC updates from last call and current priorities (~5-10min)
  - Working on larger bounties/milestones
  - The first milestones are up and people working on it
  - Jeremy working on the additional provider
  - Daniel finishing with the test
  - Milestones in DApp to the gitcoin issues
  - Liquid pledging into an Aragon app (to work on it as a larger bounty)
  - Work on TCR as bounties as well
  - Two more people working on doc
  - Someone long-term as tech writer/project manager
- Technical freeform discussion

## Notes

TCR frontend
- Griff is talking with Jeff Emmett (https://blog.goodaudience.com/rewriting-the-story-of-human-collaboration-c33a8a4cd5b8) about getting him on helping to build out the TCR 
- TCR PoC on github ([design](https://github.com/aragon/design/issues/7), contracts: [curation](https://github.com/aragonlabs/curation), [staking](https://github.com/aragonlabs/staking), [plcr](https://github.com/aragonlabs/plcr), [registry](https://github.com/aragonlabs/registry))
- Aragon.js sandboxing
  - Aragon.js: The main issue is inability to communicate between different contracts. They have to switch between different UIs (bad UX)
  - Manu and team: will take a look at this issue to see what they can propose
  - Arthur: have it be 3 apps but intro an additional wrapper. Or one app to interact with multiple contract. 
  - Bingen: all actions should be mixed in the frontend
  - Jorge: we will need a way to have frontend-only apps. Metadata into DAOs
  - Luke: one to many relationships
  - Is not a priority for A1 as none of the current apps have this issue
  - Manu: we one to call from one app methods from another app? The team will require time to review this
  - Brett: Aragon.js give info back assuming that you only need one contract
  - Arthur will begin taking a look at this

App center
- Dependencies: we should define the interfaces. The app center would need this. 
- Arthur: may make sense to have contract classes. To what degree is the modularity is going to be used by non-tech people during app construction?
- Bingen: it depends but the less the user knows about the underlying abstractions the better

Proposed deprecation strategy for aragonOS 3 DAOs on Rinkeby (see [AGP](https://github.com/aragon/governance/issues/33#issuecomment-420950051))
- We are going to deploy the new AragonOS to rinkeby by October 8th or 9th, and a new frontend release as well. That’s when we will notify people that the old Aragon orgs won’t work anymore.
- Q: do we have any tracking of people that use the frontend?
- Jorge: we have the events that get to the chain, we have some views to check that. But we should have more granular analytics by the time we get to mainnet.
- Brett: it seems like we could write some scripts to see the events of the voting app (and see who is voting what).
- No objections

Github milestone organization based on Aragon One / DAC
- Start marking milestones with A1/DAC
- Q: We are excited about helping Aragon achieve milestones, and we can work on the milestones that A1 have coming up in the future before A1 gets there.
- Brett: We also hope that the DAC can have their own features and issues that they want to prioritize

Building Giveth on Aragon
- Q: the dapp has some real issues and causes unnecessary overhead sometimes we are excited to build the dapp on Aragon
- Griff: The Giveth DApp Team is probably going to get funding from RSK and will go more towards focusing on existing non-profits then DAOs for charity. We hope to use redesigning Giveth as working as an Aragon App as a secondary goal, to give us perspective on what we need to work on to make it easy to build on Aragon. 

Bounties (https://docs.google.com/document/d/1qWWYoajZiH6O79QsFcUsFpanioQXHzchQy1Q3dd6SXI/edit?usp=sharing)
- Base initial milestone on estimated deliverable (work required, time required, skill)
- With data from previous milestones, adjust next milestones’ weighting

## License
This template is borrowed from the Ethereum All Core Devs call notes [template](https://github.com/ethereum/pm/blob/master/All%20Core%20Devs%20Meetings/Meeting%20Template.md) and inherits the same [CC-BY-SA 3.0 License](https://github.com/ethereum/pm/blob/master/LICENSE).
