# All Core Devs Meeting #9
### Meeting Date/Time: 2019/11/05 at 16:00 UTC

## Agenda

Aragon One updates from last call and current priorities (~5-10min)
- Launched to mainnet!
  - 50 DAOs so far, 20 are probably ours :-D
  - Rinkeby was redeployed, 0.6 version & aragonOS 4 lots of activity
- Lorikeet was announced at Devcon :-D
  - Still a lot of work to be done
  - Will be moving a lot of components from aragon-ui to lorikeet
- AGP1 is happening!!! :-D 
  - Processes for how we do governance over the protocol.
  - Request for comments ends 00:00 UTC 9th of November (timezone dependent)
  - Vote will happen on 00:00 UTC Nov. 15th (timezone dependant)
  - Please comment in https://forum.aragon.org/t/request-for-comment-agp-1-the-aragon-governance-proposal-process/233 
- Audit
  - WHG audit was updated, we addressed most of the concerns.
  - Consensys audit was finalized, waiting for final version
- Devcon was a fun reunion, very successful!
  - Dream DAO party was fun, 10-15 DAOs pitched

Aragon DAC updates from last call and current priorities (~5-10min)
- Jeremy has updates on the provider
  - Integration with MetaMask, so that you can interact with dapps like you are a DAO. 
    - Version that works with the CLI still needs tests and reviews
    - Work around that would need to be merged into MetaMask
      - We will see how we can get this into MetaMask.
      - Also would be good to integrate w/ status extensions
      - Frame would love it, less politics and easier to work with and would provide them a competitive advantage.
        - Have been in contact, will work in that direction
        - Let’s get this done ASAP 
    - Signing messages should be included in the spec
      - 0x has this feature… not offline signing, see https://github.com/0xProject/0x-monorepo/blob/development/packages/contracts/contracts/protocol/Exchange/MixinSignatureValidator.sol
- Roadmap meeting for longer term plans
  - Prioritizing provider feature
  - Creating aragon apps that can interact with DEXs 
  - Always looking to clear issues and fix bugs
- We will self assign DAC tagged issues
- Michael will help out a little bit with PMing 
- Protofire payroll application… 
  - need PRs to be merged soon or will be blocking
  - ui components should go into lorikeet now or later?
  - We should be doing a faster turn around for them :-(

## Notes

Github: aragon-cli ownership (Brett)
- CLI is becoming a bit overwhelming to maintain
  - Response rate is a little slow looking to have the DAC take it over
    - So many external contributions!
    - We want to under promise over deliver, we can probably do it tho.
    - There will be things A1 wants to do and we will tag issues as appropriate        
  - Decision for DAC to take it over will be made after we try owning it for a few weeks

Devcon (Brett)
- Fun and good 
- Need more user feedback
  - Needs to be shared across teams; which tool to use??

Decentralized exchange app (Arthur)
- Interacting with DApps thru a DAO is an important feature to push
- Converting assets to DAI seem like a great first use case (Oasis DEX, Oasis Direct)
- Lack of liquidity will be a challenge
- Uniswap just launched on mainnet and would be a good potential choice to integrate with
  - Will use uniswap for initial approach
- Other option would be 0x.
  - Implement a relayer?

Update on payroll app (Brett, Arthur)
- Looking at the PR now, as long as the contracts are solid…
  - So far everything looks great, i should be able to give the approval
  - Minimal event handling
  - The next PR will be important to look at as far as the event handling goes.
  - Q says it’s good to go.
  - Brett will probably merge it tonight :-D

How was Jitsi?
- Mobile is crappy
- Otherwise it was successful
- Brett will use Jitsi on Mobile next week
- We should rename it something cool :-D

## Attendance

Wild card: Stefano

A1:
Luis, Brett, Jorge, Pierre, Jouni, Bingen, Luke, Gorka

DAC:
Jeremy, RJ, Quazia, Griff, Jeff, Michael

## License
This template is borrowed from the Ethereum All Core Devs call notes [template](https://github.com/ethereum/pm/blob/master/All%20Core%20Devs%20Meetings/Meeting%20Template.md) and inherits the same [CC-BY-SA 3.0 License](https://github.com/ethereum/pm/blob/master/LICENSE).
