# All Core Devs Meeting #3
### Meeting Date/Time: 2018/08/13

## Agenda
- Introduce the reason for having the call (~5min)
- Introduce team members who haven’t already met each other (~0-10min)
- Aragon One current priorities (~5-10min)
- Aragon DAC current priorities (~5-10min)
- Technical freeform discussion

**Proposed topics**

- Release naming
- Hackathon learnings
- ENS Hackathon
- ETHIndia
- Steps to ETHBerlin
- Aragon app bounties

## Notes
Aragon One:

- Finishing up audits, permissions app
- Mainnet afterwards, deploy before Devcon

DAC:

- Finding issues, triaging, delegating them
- Daniel, deam working on aragon.js

Aragon-cli restructure to make more testable

- Being done by a candidate to Aragon One
- Can be done progressively; restructuring the entire code base to this is not a high priority given the other low hanging fruit

Hackathons

- One of the winners at ETHIndia built an Aragon App
- Document why should you build an Aragon app?
    - Videos to help kickstart developers’ learning and convince them why they should use it, and what the proper use cases might be
- Maybe use a bounty, or an existing producer who wants to get more ad revenue?
- ENS hackathon
    - One team built on Aragon
    - Would have been nice (but unrealistic) to have resources to help
    - The CLI was very clunky, lots of blockers here
        - Supporting hot reloading (http server)
        - Help with a FAQ
        - Convert dev notes to FAQ?
            - [https://github.com/Giveth/planning-app/blob/dev/docs/DEVELOPMENT_NOTES.md](https://github.com/Giveth/planning-app/blob/dev/docs/DEVELOPMENT_NOTES.md)

Build a stack overflow community

- Create dummy content off of pre-existing questions
- Easier than fielding rocket chat questions
- Research if becoming a “tag” is a paid feature

ETHBerlin

- Aragon-cli: most tasks in [https://github.com/aragon/aragon-cli/milestone/6](https://github.com/aragon/aragon-cli/milestone/6)
    - HTTP server, to allow for hot reloading
    - DAO actions, e.g. calls to contracts, more ACL details or actions
    - Polished Kit support
        - Documenting how to use the kit with monorepos vs. only one app with pre-existing apps available from aragen
            - Currently forces devs to learn how to use monorepos (e.g. lerna, etc); is there a better way to support multiple apps better?
        - Investigate: other apps living inside the same repo? Is that a good pattern?
    - Document good usage patterns, common tools / tips you should try to debug situations or speed things up
    - Update aragen to work with the latest versions of aOS and apps
    - Move issues from current milestones to an ETHBerlin milestone
        - [https://github.com/aragon/aragon-cli/milestone/7](https://github.com/aragon/aragon-cli/milestone/7)

Aragon one day hackathon (Aug. 18 1PM - Aug. 19 1PM pacific)

- Maybe record? Maybe edit a video together of Derek putting together an app?
- Use this hackathon to highlight what should be in the ETHBerlin milestone
- Support via rocketchat and categorize/enumerate questions

Aragon App bounty / rewards program

- After launch to mainnet
    - Maybe to supplement if not enough interest is on building apps
    - Our target should not be people who ONLY build apps (core infrastructure is important)
    - What entity would fund this? (pods vs foundation)
- People who have ideas for apps that have either been rejected through nest should get something to make an app
- Make a way so that people will get something for creating an app even if there isn’t a need for the app
- This is a good path towards onboarding/forcing people to learn
- Simplicity in the App bounty (dynamic vs static)
- One app submission per person; apps need a reason to exist
- Levels to the bounty
    - Step1: Contract
    - Step 2: Front end
    - Step 3: Use case
- Will this pull attention?
    - Setting this program up is minimal work
    - Strong stream of users building apps may streamline documentation
    - Minimal review process advantageous

## License
This template is borrowed from the Ethereum All Core Devs call notes [template](https://github.com/ethereum/pm/blob/master/All%20Core%20Devs%20Meetings/Meeting%20Template.md) and inherits the same [CC-BY-SA 3.0 License](https://github.com/ethereum/pm/blob/master/LICENSE).
