# All Core Devs Meeting #11
### Meeting Date/Time: 2018/12/03 at 16:00 UTC

## Notes
A1 Updates:
- 2019 roadmap
- DAC channel and dev channel
- Flock proposal
- new npm module to connect several eth providers. This allow desktop experience quickly

DAC Updates:
- Structuring flock proposal
- Major organizational restructuring on zenhub
- Jeremy will start doing some backlog issues
- Jeremy has done some provider work, mostly political, standardization
- ChrisA bringing in more Project Management 
- Maintaining CLI, Hack.one, JS

Protofire:
- Pull request for milestone 2 under review
- Mostly finished with Milestone 3 
- ½ way thru Milestone 4
- Reviewing potential other additions to the scope.

Moving the call to 5pm

Git branching:
- See https://forum.aragon.org/t/git-branch-convention-for-aragon-repos/298/3

Jeremy Licensing Question?
- GPL would like to be maintained… Can it be moved to AGPL?
  - Can the foundation be listed as the owner? 
    - Everything is labeled as Aragon right now… Lawyers say its the way
    - The Aragon DAC is an option, but we have no legal status… so probably not worth complicating

Progress on the Provider App
- Can Demo
- Linking a debugging keyring and an Aragon Keyring in metamask
- Will coordinate in the DAC channel in Riot ;-)

Expectations for labels in repos https://docs.google.com/document/d/1WT3XcnMw0LZOo0Q7gaKy_cFMGZ7xS3mUuIH9uilLNBU/edit#heading=h.579z70a3ix64 
- It’s hard to see all the issues that different orgs are working on
  - This solves this issue
- Reducing the number of labels in JS, CLI, and Hack
  - Making them consistent with color and title…
    - Some current issues have labels 
      - Should we remove now? Or wait and let them fall away.
    - Brett might want to add some labels… will be reviewed (Breaking changes, maybe one more)
      - Standardizing labels on A1
      - Aragon Apps need more complicated labels.

Aragon offsite, focusing on the course we are going to take.
- Merging has been slow, but we will get back to a good cadence. 
- Lots of road map discussions. 

Closing early Great fast meeting!

## Attendance
DAC: Griff, Daniel, Gabi, Q

## License
This template is borrowed from the Ethereum All Core Devs call notes [template](https://github.com/ethereum/pm/blob/master/All%20Core%20Devs%20Meetings/Meeting%20Template.md) and inherits the same [CC-BY-SA 3.0 License](https://github.com/ethereum/pm/blob/master/LICENSE).
