# All Core Devs Meeting #17
### Meeting Date/Time: 2019/03/04 at 15:00 UTC

## Agenda
- Appoint note takers
- Introduce team members who haven’t already met each other (~0-10min)
- Aragon One updates from last call and current priorities (~5-10min)
- Aragon Autark updates from last call and current priorities (~5-10min)
- CLI team updates from last call and current priorities (~5-10min)
- Technical freeform discussion
- Distributed storage research updates. OWL
- CLI refactoring. CLI
- Minime voting + ERC20 snapshot voting (Rewards refactor?)
- A1 Voting improvements (version 1: single delegation vs. version 2: a lot of other things)
- Aragon.js upgrades (naming + RxJS 6). A1
- Baseline audit update. Authio
- Diligence PR reviews. Consensys Diligence
- Identity providers ([https://github.com/aragon/aragon.js/issues/251](https://github.com/aragon/aragon.js/issues/251) + [forum post](https://forum.aragon.org/t/identity-providers-resolving-addresses-to-identities-in-aragon/631)). A1
- [Aragon App Development Survey](https://goo.gl/forms/8CKXPOWunDoRqvGw1) (re: monolothic apps). Autark.

## Notes

Introductions

- Facu joined A1 and will be working on voting

Aragon One updates

- Aragon Client
    - Work on implementations for 0.7: App Center and Local Identity
- Aragon Court
    - Rewrite kleros from scratch
    - Pretty rough implementation, potentially 2 weeks from now open source repo with description on how this works.

Autark

- Continuing with enhancements to Planning Suite (M4/M5 on its roadmap). Progressing nicely
- Rewards research: Refactoring away from a constant-time calculation for dividends to work with pre-existing tokens included in kits. Will need a refactor once these calculations move off-chain to improve efficiency

OWL

- Researching into distributed database: Orbit-DB and Textile
    - Textile is gaining attention, mobile focused, working on JS implementations. Is a less centralized implementation
        - Using pinning nodes instead of just using a single database between all the peers
    - Orbit-DB is node and browser interested but in alpha stage with bugs
        - More flexible but brings risks
        - Requires at least a couple “pinning nodes” to be running at all times
    - 3Box takes away concern as they offer a pinning node (uses orbit-db)
    - If not going with either approach, the question is how to define a spec that could be used in place of either.

Aragon CLI

- New command to interact with the AgentApp.
- Migrate existing tests
- Update docs
- Release new version

MiniMe voting (aka Voting v2)

- 0.7 is not the release moving away from MiniMe (will probably happen sometime between 0.8 - 1.0)
- Will Coordinate with Autark to ensure migration from Minime is in-sync with Projects app
- Moving from block time to epoch time: Would make time-windowing for dividends in Rewards app easier to calculate. Best alternative right now is approximation around block timestamps, which is messy

Aragon.js

- Daniels have been working in parallel for the next release
- New version, won’t break but new features coming.
- New RxJS version 6

Authio update

- Audit set to deliver by March 14th
- Most time spent in comprehension, now wrapping up the audit:
    - Making conclusions, setting recommendations
    - How clear is the code? And how easy is to read the code (what one lines does)
    - Is it easy to write secure applications that use Aragon?
    - Goal: easier to extend Aragon for anyone in the ecosystem
    - Next: compile final report

Consensys Diligence

- They’ve done reviews on some PRs
- Waiting on some comments being addressed
- Their focus will be getting a clear sense on the roadmap to better plan their resourcing

App Development Survey

- Please take it if you have familiarity developing an Aragon App
- Trying to understand the design considerations around “monolithic apps” aka apps that are tightly dependent on 1 or more other apps

Identity Providers

- Working on initial infrastructure
- Plug-in identity providers to try and make it user customizable and dev-extendable

Future Call Considerations

- Will divide create separate livestream in addition to the Jitsi call.
- Agenda will be frozen ahead of time so attendees can decide whether to call in or view the livestream

## Attendance
A1: Brett, Jorge, Facu, Luke, Pierre, John, Gorka, Maria

CLI team: Daniel, Gabi

Autark: Arthur, Kevin, Otto, Radek

Open Work Labs: John Schwartz, Thomas

Consensys Diligence: Maurelian

Authio: Alex

## License
This template is borrowed from the Ethereum All Core Devs call notes [template](https://github.com/ethereum/pm/blob/master/All%20Core%20Devs%20Meetings/Meeting%20Template.md) and inherits the same [CC-BY-SA 3.0 License](https://github.com/ethereum/pm/blob/master/LICENSE).
