# All Core Devs Meeting #13
### Meeting Date/Time: 2019/01/07 at 15:00 UTC

## Agenda
- Appoint note takers
- Introduce team members who haven’t already met each other (~0-10min)
- Aragon One updates from last call and current priorities (~5-10min)
- Aragon DAC updates from last call and current priorities (~5-10min)
  - See our [Sprint Status Report](https://docs.google.com/presentation/d/1hndWetc_dp2zvGJgTc0krsORkN2Iio1uBcMl_8JhxeA/edit?usp=sharing)
- Technical freeform discussion
- Flock proposals discussion (A1 / DAC / TPS)
  - [DAC Flock Proposal](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1mQOWdZtCIBmXP5q8OcpZyhj9d8kqQ1zl9JLxJcHA5Zs/edit?usp=sharing) Feel free to comment!
  - Also! [Vote on our Scope](https://www.loomio.org/p/iW5tB9VM/what-should-be-in-the-scope-of-the-aragon-dac-s-flock-proposal)!
- [Identity](https://forum.aragon.org/t/identity-dao-membership/344) and [simple voting](https://www.notion.so/aragon/Simple-Voting-Relay-Protocol-aka-Optimistic-Vote-Aggregation-fb5ce7177acd4435afa27872ac7937f2) specs
- aragonCLI [monorepo structure](https://github.com/aragon/aragon-cli/issues/319)
- Lorikeet (already talked about in updates?)
- New branch in aragon/aragon for pre builds
- Write permission on boilerplates repositories for aragonDAC team
- Prioritization between 
  - pushing for the [“simpler” api](https://github.com/aragon/aragon.js/pull/230)
  - [Custom DAOs support](https://github.com/aragon/aragon-cli/issues/299)
  - Helping people getting started on [debian](https://github.com/aragon/aragon-cli/issues/328) and [windows](https://github.com/aragon/aragon/issues/556) and other bugs
  - And generally between features and testing/bugs/stability
- Aracon: TWEET!!!
- Hard Fork! 
  - xDAI forks on the 11th

## Notes

Note taker: 
Griff & ChrisA

Aragon One updates
- Research!
  - Identity spec: https://forum.aragon.org/t/identity-dao-membership/344
  - Simple voting spec: https://www.notion.so/aragon/Simple-Voting-Relay-Protocol-aka-Optimistic-Vote-Aggregation-fb5ce7177acd4435afa27872ac7937f2 
- Stable Release schedule
- Responsiveness for Apps 
  - Demo for Aracon
- Lorikeet
  - (Pierre) Structuring the code base for the UI
  - Everything is in the Components
    - State trie
    - Documentation
  - You can extend the UI for your uses…
    - Change the color
    - 2nd level: General stacks
      - Fonts, etc
    - 3rd level: Styles 
      - Every component can declare the style it wants
    - 4th level
      - Override the component
      - Very advanced
      - Will require customization of prompts
  - Lorikeet Dark and Lorikeet light
- Staking App!!!
  - AWESOME!!! Thx Bingen
- Melonport governance model ready for the conference
- 0x concierge project targeting July
- Dappnode made a NFT app (fork of OpenZ)
  - Working on people buying them from the DAO

DAC Sprint
- Q was missing 120 hours from the sprint to join a second flock
- Formal Status reports
  - See our [Sprint Status Report](https://docs.google.com/presentation/d/1hndWetc_dp2zvGJgTc0krsORkN2Iio1uBcMl_8JhxeA/edit?usp=sharing)
- Big highlights
  - Flock proposal 
    - DAC Flock Proposal](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1mQOWdZtCIBmXP5q8OcpZyhj9d8kqQ1zl9JLxJcHA5Zs/edit?usp=sharing) Feel free to comment!
  - Also! [Vote on our Scope](https://www.loomio.org/p/iW5tB9VM/what-should-be-in-the-scope-of-the-aragon-dac-s-flock-proposal)!
  - Public Face:
    - Aragondac.org 
- Boiler Plates
  - Brett will give permissions 
- Prioritization between 
  - pushing for the [“simpler” api](https://github.com/aragon/aragon.js/pull/230)
  - [Custom DAOs support](https://github.com/aragon/aragon-cli/issues/299)
  - Helping people getting started on [debian](https://github.com/aragon/aragon-cli/issues/328) and [windows](https://github.com/aragon/aragon/issues/556) and other bugs
  - And generally between features and testing/bugs/stability
    - https://www.strawpoll.me/17186047 
    - Custom DAO Support = #1
    - Getting on windows! =#2
    - Bugs/testing = #3

Protofire
- Payroll App
  - 4 or 5 milestones
  - Issues with payments and pausing development
  - PRs for 2-4 ready for review
    - Milestone 5 is almost done… but paused
    - Several PRs ready for merging… but moved some devs to other project
      - Stefano Maria and Griff are working on the milestone payment solutions
        - We have a full team ready to attack.

Identity and simple voting
- Jorge: [sent link](https://www.notion.so/aragon/Simple-Voting-Relay-Protocol-aka-Optimistic-Vote-Aggregation-fb5ce7177acd4435afa27872ac7937f2) will be cleaning it up and making a blog post later this week
- Notion is being used more and more for A1 stuff; Jorge really loves it; it’s like an internal wiki and great for meeting notes

aragonCLI monorepo structure 
- Gabi: requesting suggestions for improvements etc.
- Brett: There has been some confusion as to the scope of aragonCLI; it’s more powerful than the UI client; it’s not clear how easy it will be to split off this functionality 
- There is [an issue](https://github.com/AragonDAC/create-aragon-app/issues/1) that contains this conversation
- Brett: Having the dev tools split out is a bonus; it’s not clear about the UX of this
- Move this discussion back to github

New branch for Aragon pre-builds is needed
- Gabi needs someone to create a pre-build branch on aragon/aragon; Brett will create it
- Everyone in the org can look at travis so we will be able to modify the configuration to have it built

Aracon
- Brett: Do your best to shill Aracon; it’s coming up soon!  Let people know about it.

Hard-fork
- xDAI will fork on the 11th
- Manu offered devops help to Aragon; he would like Aragon to be a validator for the xDAI chain

## Attendance
A1: Brett, Bingen, Delfi, Luke, Pierre, Jorge, Paty

DAC: Griff, ChrisA, Quazia, Daniel, Jeremy, Gabi

Protofire: Leo, Manu

## License
This template is borrowed from the Ethereum All Core Devs call notes [template](https://github.com/ethereum/pm/blob/master/All%20Core%20Devs%20Meetings/Meeting%20Template.md) and inherits the same [CC-BY-SA 3.0 License](https://github.com/ethereum/pm/blob/master/LICENSE).
