# All Core Devs Meeting #7
### Meeting Date/Time: 2018/10/08 at 16:00 UTC

## Agenda
- Appoint note takers - Griff
- Introduce team members who haven’t already met each other
  - None
- Aragon One updates from last call and current priorities (~5-10min)
  - Pushing to mainnet! 
    - Voting: few more updates but almost done
    - Token Manager and Finance app being worked on in parallel 
    - DAO Kits upgraded to v4 
      - Can easily make testing env’s
    - Lorikeet :-D 
    - Deprecation banner will soon be up… you better know your old DAOs will die…  
  - Luis is reviving Aragon Desktop! 
    - Electron App for running DAOs
    - Decentralizes much better
    - Not a priority now…. But we will see! 
- Aragon DAC updates from last call and current priorities (~5-10min)
  - Wrapping up tests and the engine
  - Tagging issues with `DAC` that we are working on.
  - Looking for more work…. What can we do to best do to push to mainnet?
  - Eventually we will get a UX person to start our own projects… but for now we push to mainnet
  - Chris is using hypothesis (ask griff for link) to annotate issues.
    - Would like to start making tutorials… what are some good tutorials to start with?
- Protofire updates from last call and current priorities (~5-10min)
  - First milestone for Payroll almost done… few more days
  - Kit questions :-P
  - Scoping next milestone currently.
- DELFI!!! :-D Working on the secret Lorikeet project
  - Argentinian super star
  - Working on landing page now
  - Front end dev, here to help!
- Technical freeform discussion
  - Tutorials?
  - Low hanging fruit for DAC to attack?

## Notes
aragon.js issue prioritization
- Pull requests for Aragon.js have some comments to review
  - Will be reviewed this week
- We can review internally.

UI work
- Does the DAC have some React skills to hack on some things?
  - Daniel is familiar with react, but no one right now has it as a primary skill
  - Protofire has serious react skills
  - The documentation is a little sparse for what needs to be done, but Multisig app might be a place to start.
    - ACTION: SECOND CALL!!!!!!!!!
- Issue 315 on the permission flow… metamask will supposedly start to work on this… but the spec keep changing… there is EIP 1102 - wallet providers leak the accounts, so now metamask will require people to request permission to inject web 3 (to avoid the leak)
  - Jouni can look at the UX
  - Manuel is working on "[Nifty Wallet](https://github.com/poanetwork/metamask-extension)" wallet and maybe these guys can help
  - Continue talking on github!

Kit talk
- DAC
  - What are these kits used for?
  - Which ones were meant for the CLI?
    - They were originally developed outside of the CLI
    - For some of the production kits, we would have a bad CLI experience…. Some kits might not make sense any more…
    - These kits for sure make sense:
      - Payroll
      - Multisig
      - Democracy
      - Survey
    - Many kits were really just for us to do testing… we dont need to do them any more and we should think of a better way to create testing DAOs with mock data
    - DAO kit repo should be trimmed down to just useful things. 
      - Q is down to migrate out dev and demo.
      - Pierre says: https://research.aragon.org/t/should-templates-be-apps/225 
    - Local templates to see how things work are important. 
    - Improving kit support is a great idea.
    - The easy way to do demos and tests is hard to document… so improving this is important.
      - Payroll is a complex kit… it probably doesn’t need it?
      - Should every Production AragonApp have kits 
        - Awkward silence :-D
  - Should we have a kit for each app?
  - What is the overall strategy for these kits?!

Payroll
- Protofire kit PR: https://github.com/protofire/dao-kits/pull/1

Tutorial talk
- There is the initial tutorial… GREAT! 
  - Maybe we should be adding more tutorials to the end of this :-D
  - Should it be leading people to play with more apps? Create apps? 
  - What do you guys think?
    - Protofire could make a tutorial for the payroll app! 
      - Providing steps and a loose outline, Chris could make a full tutorial out of it ;-D
        - It will probably have multiple parts… or could even be multiple tutorials.
      - Best practices and other things can be put into this :-D
        - Jorge put this together: https://hack.aragon.org/docs/aragonos-building.html
    - Voting App Tutorial :-D
      - Video is being made… but it’s a little slow going
      - Could be put into text as well… if he permits
    - Luis has derek’s markups outs…
    - Fundraising tutorial…. Could be brought to life as a tutorial.
- MAKE IT FUN! :-D Include bounties, contests, or other incentive mechanisms to get people to go through the tutorials

Opening up Core Devs call to public (see [suggested process](https://github.com/aragon/aragon-wiki/pull/345 of adding agenda items and running the call)
- Take agenda items by email 
  - Give new contributors a voice!
  - Maybe github is a better option?
    - Github doesn’t have a direct message feature, we want to let them come in to join the call! Active participation!
- Discuss on the github :-D
- Next meeting might be using Jitsi, zoom or something that isn’t google :vomit:

Payroll contracts status update
- Updated to aragon4, made the kit
- Contracts don’t have any major changes
- Tackled screens one at a time
- We can check if there will be any other changes
  - Upgrades should be graceful
- Integrations for the first milestone should be done in a couple days.

## Attendance
- Brett
- Jorge
- Luis
- Quazia
- Griff
- Manuel
- John
- Luke
- Leo
- Pierre
- Bingen
- Jouni
- Jeremy
- Delfi

## License
This template is borrowed from the Ethereum All Core Devs call notes [template](https://github.com/ethereum/pm/blob/master/All%20Core%20Devs%20Meetings/Meeting%20Template.md) and inherits the same [CC-BY-SA 3.0 License](https://github.com/ethereum/pm/blob/master/LICENSE).
