# All Core Devs Meeting #12
### Meeting Date/Time: 2018/12/17 at 16:00 UTC

## Agenda
- Appoint note takers
- Introduce team members who haven’t already met each other (~0-10min)
- Aragon One updates from last call and current priorities (~5-10min)
- Aragon DAC updates from last call and current priorities (~5-10min)
- Technical freeform discussion

- Communication channels
- Payroll
- Documenting how releases are done per repo/package (Brett)
- ETHSingapore (Griff?)

## Notes
Aragon One Updates
- Flock Proposal summarizes the group roadmap coming up
- Polish-athon 
  - Lots of fixes are going to be integrated
- Identity & Membership spec posted on forum: https://forum.aragon.org/t/identity-dao-membership/344
- Concierge service
  - Teams with a good use case are getting a fast track to help governance
    - Melonport (Secret!)
    - DAppNode NFT 
- When Livestream? 
  - Setting up the email address is a blocker :-P
  - Will happen Soon™

DAC updates
- Short term road map for flock
  - CLI improvements
  - Provider engine on Frame 
  - Hack.aragon.org
  - Details: https://docs.google.com/document/d/1kqp5UvHGklOmfA3icOCIQisYXGPzOPwYW60YX_4rrTY/edit# 
    - Looking to align priorities and better communicate :-D

What is the best way to communicate between teams?
- Keybase or Rocketchat?
  - Bridge to Riot     
- In the end it doesn’t really matter
- Brett to talk to John to make DMs more open
- Telegram is a scammer’s paradise 
  - We should have a telegram announcement 
  - There’s a forum post on this, we should get John and Griff involved there
https://forum.aragon.org/t/do-you-manage-the-telegram-groups-aragon-official-aragon-annoucement/343/3 
- Griff and Chris will figure out a team bridge channel 
  - The existing dev channels can be used for this. 
  - Dev-tooling channel should be made for bugs and CLI

Protofire payroll app updates
- Feature complete with milestone 4
- Ready to start milestone 5 (mostly development-related tasks, like cleaning things up, moving components into aragonUI, etc)
- We would like to stay engaged, and are looking at other design issues, EPICs, tasks, etc to work on.
- Looking for tasks and suggestions for things to work on.
  - We are a little bit raw and are missing easy things to pass along

Documenting how releases are done per repo/package
- Release ownership
  - Npm usernames coming from DAC (Quazia, Daniel, and ?)
- We want to document this more explicitly per package/per repo
  - DAC will be working on JS and CLI so that’s probably the best place to prioritize for the DAC
  - What do we test every time we do a release? 
    - If the provider starts to come together, then this will become a package
      - Who can create repos?
        - Anyone who is part of the NPM org can do it.
          - Should we add the DAC to this?
            - Hell yeah! We can add one DAC person as an admin and they can add the rest.
  - For npm updates, we should have a dev updates channel!
    - Griff to follow up with Kay to see if we can make a npm package update channel

ETHSingapore
- More core infrastructure rather than dapps
- Three groups tried, one turned into a nest proposal
  - Slicing pie; equity manager for members
  - Status extension to create a room for the DAO and create votes / send votes in the room through chat commands
  - YachtDAO; vote on where the yacht would go, what they would spend money on, etc
- Really successful decentralized office hours on rocket.chat
- ETHDenver upcoming in Feb.
- Bigger not eth focused hackathons might be a better opportunity 
  - Maybe by March there might be an event to work with
  - These are good lists
    - https://mlh.io/seasons/na-2019/events  
    - https://devpost.com/hackathons 
- A digital hackathon might be an option as well
  - Will explore more.

Naming is still happening…
- Renaming for the Main Aragon App… we will call it the Aragon Client.
- @aragon/api 
  - Should it be app not api?
    - The CLI is something people install
    - If someone wanted to make a website for a DAO, they wouldnt need the API… they would just need the JS? 
  - Discussion: https://forum.aragon.org/t/on-aragon-naming/203/12

Next meeting is in 3 weeks on Jan 7th!
- Everyone wants to get their party on for the 31st… so lets delay a week

## Attendance
A1: Luis, Bingen, Pierre, Jorge, Brett, Luke, María

DAC: ChrisA’s first call! Quazia, Griff, Gabi, Daniel

Protofire: Leo

## License
This template is borrowed from the Ethereum All Core Devs call notes [template](https://github.com/ethereum/pm/blob/master/All%20Core%20Devs%20Meetings/Meeting%20Template.md) and inherits the same [CC-BY-SA 3.0 License](https://github.com/ethereum/pm/blob/master/LICENSE).
