# All Core Devs Meeting #8
### Meeting Date/Time: 2018/10/22 at 16:00 UTC

## Agenda
- Appoint note takers
- Introduce team members who haven’t already met each other (~0-10min)
- Aragon One updates from last call and current priorities (~5-10min)
  - Progress towards mainnet deployment
    - Deploying to mainnet later this week or early next week
    - New rinkeby deployment will be up mid week
  - Lorikeet: designs ready, Jouni will be talking about it at Devcon
    - Relaunch of aragon-ui
- Aragon DAC updates from last call and current priorities (~5-10min)
  - Working to define longer term goals before next call
  - Thinking of taking an approach where work with non-technical users to build DAOs, including potentially building apps
- Technical freeform discussion

## Notes
Github: aragon-apps
- Do we want to bring the payroll app into this repo? And Is this repo owned by Aragon One?
- Repo currently is apps that we have a specific auditing process for, but payroll would require its own audit. 
- Potentially maintenance of payroll app could be done by A1, DAC or Protofire, but currently it’s TBD. Questions about scope important.
- For now, can potentially work in a fork and do reviews there, and then merge into master on aragon apps when the project is “complete”. 
- There could be a validation process when changing the namespace from future-apps. 
- Leo: currently we have own PR on their fork, then review internally. When ready for external review make PR to the main repo (in future apps namespace).
- Decision: Keep going as is for now, open to changes as we go

DAC: documentation and tutorials
- Chris has started to make small changes that don’t require macro-changes to the hack.aragon.org, currently handled in github. 
- Onboarding another more technical contributor
- Will start work on full tutorials soon. 
- Can share a doc on the tutorial strategy, likely by end of week. 
- Additionally chris has some macro changes he is proposing that may require structural changes to hack.aragon.org 
  - Main thing was moving to a different platform, but doesn’t look like we will be doing that in the short-term. 

Aragon One deployments
- Contracts currently deployed on rinkeby are more or less in deprecated state
- Will be deploying new contracts, including ens resolver on rinkeby
  - Will have two environments: staging, and the official 0.6 instance 
  - The official 0.6 instances will be accessible in the same way that 0.5 is currently
- This rinkeby deployment will be essentially the same as our mainnet deployment, if all goes well, this deployment will be deployed to mainnet the following week. 
  - Mainnet will reference the real ENS instance
- After deployment, any help banging on the release is much appreciated! 

Future of Aragen
- Arthur: Seems like this hasn’t been maintained, might not be currently working. 
  - Wondering if we should port this functionality into the CLI
- Jorge: https://github.com/aragon/aragen/pull/15
  - This pr makes aragen work with latest changes, nearly ready to be merged. 
  - Vision for aragen is to have something to that can be downloaded that creates an environment that justs works, currently it is a dependency for the cli, so not sure it can be ported to CLI. 

Add version support tables
- As the versioning gets more complicated, seems like it might make sense to have which versions of which pieces of aragon work with which versions of other pieces. 
- Would this be useful?
- Yes, nice to know what is compatible with what. 
- Makes sense to integrate in documentation, maintain in a repo, where does this make sense?
- Brett: hack.aragon.org probably the most accessible place. If we had a table on page there it would be quite useful. 
- [Libraries.io](https://libraries.io/search?q=%40aragon) sends email updates when new versions are released; could be used to keep track of when we should update this table assuming we do a good job of only making breaking changes on major versions

## License
This template is borrowed from the Ethereum All Core Devs call notes [template](https://github.com/ethereum/pm/blob/master/All%20Core%20Devs%20Meetings/Meeting%20Template.md) and inherits the same [CC-BY-SA 3.0 License](https://github.com/ethereum/pm/blob/master/LICENSE).
