# Aragon Trademark Policy

## 1. Introduction

**1.1** Aragon is a project that aims to disintermediate the creation and maintenance of organizational structures by using blockchain technology. The Aragon project is described in the website [https://aragon.org/](https://aragon.org/).

**1.2** This document outlines the policy regarding the use of the Aragon Trademarks by the members of the Aragon community.

**1.3** The Aragon community is comprised of any individual, company, entity or organization that takes part in the Aragon project, uses the products and services developed by Aragon, and/or collaborates with Aragon in order to develop the Aragon products and services.

**1.4** Any use of the Aragon Trademarks must be in accordance with this Trademark Policy. Any use that does not comply with this Trademark Policy or does not have written authorization from Aragon is prohibited and may constitute trademark infringement and/or unfair competition.

## 2. Aragon Trademarks

**2.1** The Aragon Trademarks comprise the word trademark Aragon, the stylized trademark Aragon, the eagle logotype, the figurative trademark combining the stylized word Aragon and the eagle logotype, the word trademarks Aragon Nest and Aragon Network, and any other trademark developed by Aragon in the future, either registered or not.

**2.2** A non-exhaustive list of the Aragon Trademarks is available at the website [https://wiki.aragon.org/design/branding/project/](../../design/branding/project.md). This list will be updated as any further trademarks are created by Aragon.

## 3. Trademark Ownership

**3.1** Aragon is the exclusive owner of any and all rights on the Aragon Trademarks, regardless of whether they are registered or not.

**3.2** The use of the Aragon Trademarks does not grant any ownership rights on the members of the Aragon community.

**3.3** Any goodwill generated by the use of the Aragon Trademarks insures to the benefit of Aragon.

**3.4** Members of the Aragon community shall not register or try to register any trademark, design, domain name, company name or e-mail address that contains the word Aragon, that is identical or similar to the Aragon eagle logotype, or that is identical or similar to any of the Aragon Trademarks, in any country.

## 4. Guidelines of use of the Aragon Trademarks

**4.1** Members of the Aragon community are exclusively authorized to make a nominative use of the word trademark Aragon, in order to refer to Aragon, to the Aragon project or to the products and services developed by Aragon.

**4.2** Any use of the word trademark Aragon must be made in compliance with the following guidelines:

<p style="margin-left: 5%">(a) The word trademark Aragon cannot be abbreviated or combined with any other word or trademark.<br>
    <br>
    (b) The word Aragon must be set apart from the surrounding text, either by capitalizing it or by italicizing, bolding or underlying it.<br>
    <br>
    (c) The word trademark Aragon must not be used in any way that would suggest sponsorship or endorsement by Aragon.</p>

**4.3** Any use of the Aragon Trademarks, other than the nominative use of the word trademark Aragon, is not authorized and will require a trademark license granted by Aragon.

**4.4** Members of the Aragon community who develop any product, software, technology or service that is related to Aragon and aragonOS, may be authorized to use the logotype “Powered by Aragon” (which is available at the website [http://wiki.aragon.one/desirg/artwork/](../../design/artwork/)).

**4.5** Furthermore, any project that is governed by Aragon or that uses aragonOS or any other Aragon technology for governance with its relevant token holders may be authorized to use the logotype “Governed by Aragon” (which is available at the website [http://wiki.aragon.org/design/artwork/](../../design/artwork/)).

## 5. Notice on Abusive Use

**5.1** Any misuse, inappropriate use or illegal use of the Aragon Trademarks should be notified to Aragon, by sending an email to legal@aragon.org.

## 6. Policy Revision

**6.1** Aragon reserves the right to revise this Trademark Policy without prior notice.
