## Aragon Community Meeting 07 Agenda

###### Meeting Date: January 5th, 5pm CEST
### [Meeting video](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=46xPsEvY7Qs)

#### Participants
- @luisivan
- @Smokyish, facilitator
- @izqui
- @mariapao
- @bpierre
- @lkngtn
- @onbjerg
- @john-light
- @sohkai
- @alexarwr

#### Agenda
- Discussion about the issues in the write-ups by team members
- Recent updates on the Project by @izqui
- Recent updates on the Community by @john-light
- AMA, Ask Me Anything, team answers [questions by the community](https://www.reddit.com/r/aragonproject/comments/7nrj68/aragon_community_meeting_07_ama_thread/)
- Closing meeting

#### Write-Ups
> Team members will produce a write-up of the most important things they have worked on since last Community Meeting, the problems they have found and what they plan to do in the next weeks (that can be a bit blurry, and that's fine). These write-ups will be published as a blog post for the community to review on Monday before Friday's meeting.

- [Alexa - Operations Assistant](../community/write-ups/cm07/alexa.md)
- [Brett - EVM/Solidity/\*](../community/write-ups/cm07/brett/)
- [John - Community Lead](../community/write-ups/cm07/light-cm07/)
- [Jorge - Tech Lead](../community/write-ups/cm07/jorge/)
- [Luis - Project Lead](../community/write-ups/cm07/luis/)
- [Luke - Research Lead](../community/write-ups/cm07/luke/)
- [Maria - Head of Strategy and Operations](../community/write-ups/cm07/maria/)
- [Oliver - Glue](../community/write-ups/cm07/oliver/)
- [Pierre - Frontend Developer](../community/write-ups/cm07/pierre/)
- [Tatu - Communications Lead](../community/write-ups/cm07/tatu.md)
