## Aragon Community Meeting 10 Agenda

###### Meeting Date: April 4th, 6pm CEST
### [Meeting video](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=aOmI9tm4oQU)

#### Participants
- @luisivan
- @Smokyish, facilitator
- @izqui
- @mariapao
- @bpierre
- @lkngtn
- @onbjerg
- @john-light
- @sohkai
- @alexarwr
- @chris-remus
- @bingen
- @jounih

#### Agenda
- Recent updates on the Project by @luisivan
- AMA, Ask Me Anything, team answers [questions by the community](https://www.reddit.com/r/aragonproject/comments/890hqy/aragon_community_meeting_10_ama_thread/)
- Closing meeting

#### Write-Ups
> Team members will produce a write-up of the most important things they have worked on since last Community Meeting, the problems they have found and what they plan to do in the next weeks (that can be a bit blurry, and that's fine). These write-ups will be published as a blog post for the community to review on Monday before Friday's meeting.

- [Alexa - Operations Assistant](write-ups/cm10/alexa.md)
- [Brett - EVM/Solidity/\*](write-ups/cm10/brett.md)
- [Bingen - Solidity Engineer](write-ups/cm10/bingen.md)
- [Chris - Product Manager](write-ups/cm10/chris.md)
- [John - Community Lead](write-ups/cm10/john.md)
- [Jorge - Tech Lead](write-ups/cm10/jorge.md)
- [Jouni - Design Lead](write-ups/cm10/jouni.md)
- [Luis - Project Lead](write-ups/cm10/luis.md)
- [Luke - Research Lead](write-ups/cm10/luke.md)
- [Maria - Head of Strategy and Operations](write-ups/cm10/maria.md)
- [Oliver - Glue](write-ups/cm10/oliver.md)
- [Pierre - Frontend Developer](write-ups/cm10/pierre.md)
- [Tatu - Communications Lead](write-ups/cm10/tatu.md)
