# aragonSDK standup 3 notes

Call happening on 31th of October 2019, 1:30 PM CEST

## Daniel presented a proposal for separating interface from logic

- Related issue: https://github.com/aragon/aragon-cli/issues/849
- Related issue: https://github.com/aragon/aragon-cli/issues/851
- The proposal targets the token new command and moves its logic out to the lib folder.
- The previous logic updated the UI, so Daniel's solution for now is that the logic has a statusCallback handler that can the interface can use to update.
- We discussed better ways to do this, like the lib emitting events, but we agreed that this is an improvement to the lib that we could do later.
- Daniel also created a unit test for this isolated logic. We all agreed that any future logic extractions should be accompanied with new unit tests.
- We discussed end to end tests and agreed that we will not worry abou them for now - just run manual commands related to what is being refactored and try to make sure nothing broke. End to end tests will be re-addressed once this refactor matures, and will probably involve their own refactor.
- We discussed introducing Typescript while we do the refactor but agreed to NOT do this now but later, once we have a good percentage of the logic extracted from the interface.
- Next steps:
  1. **Ale** and **Mathew** finish merging outstanding PRs.
  2. **Gabi** finishes setting up the development branch and branching strategy.
  3. **Daniel** rebases this refactor proposal to the latest state of master.
  4. **Ale** creates an issue with the plan for implementing this refactor to the entire codebase - it will have a list of commands to refactor, which can be addressed simultaneously by multiple people and each refactored command is a separate PR to the develop branch.
  5. **We all** start picking off commands from this list and implement the refactor in parallel.

## Gabi showed us the first discovery results from his survey

- Related issue: https://github.com/aragon/aragon-cli/issues/852
- 13 responses so far.
- 50% power users and 50% developers =)
- People find the cli more reliable than we were expecting.
- People would be very disappointed if the cli would cease to exist. PMF, check!
- We will wait for more data to come in before we share the results, unless **Gabi** finds a way to share a live link.

## Updates on outstanding PRs

- Related issue: https://github.com/aragon/aragon-cli/issues/853
- We solved a few permissions issues we were having.
- **Gabi** will fix a problem we are having with the CI on master and disable it on the new develop branch.
- **Gabi** will help on #840 which is a bit technical regarding interaction with aragonJS.
- Other than that there are just a couple of PRs to merge and we are done, which will be handled by **Ale** and **Mathew**.
