

# All Aragon Devs #37 (Notes)
Call #37: December 09, 2019 8am PST / 11am EST / 3pm UTC / 5pm CEST

- [Audio/video of the meeting](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=cLlX1XGLV6A)
- [See notes](#notes)

### Agenda
* Appoint note takers
* Introduce team members who haven’t already met each other (~0-5min)
* Updates from the last call and current priorities
    * Aragon One (~5min)
    * Autark (~5min)
    * Open Work Labs (~2min)
    * Aragon Mesh (~5min)
    * Aragon Black (~5min)
    * Association (~2min)
* Topics


### Notes

#### Introductions


### Updates

#### Aragon One

- Last Two weeks
    - Offsite discussions on role of A1, public 
    - Efforts on CLI and SDK
    - Large re-factor on CLI; next release (version 7) coming soon
    - Exploratory designs on new development workflow coming new year
    - Client side has been slow; small features
        - experimenting with client console to access CLI functionality in client
    - Lots of focus on the court
        - deployed the native token for the court and aragon network DAO
        - Court and council onboarding and posts explaining technical details
        - Published two AGPs for court onboarding and donation process
        - Started building the court dashboard to interact with the court
        - Tools for monitoring the court and a court sub-graph for dashboard consumption


#### Autark
- In the last two weeks we have more specifically been working on:
    - Integrating **deep linking** in Projects, Dot Voting and Rewards.
    - Expanding projects to allow Open Submission bounties and improve the UX around the bounty status
    - Started frontend development for adding a budget detail page for the Allocations app
    - The alternative two-token enterprise template. We had user requests to also add agent, so we are revising it to accommodate for that. We are working on a new front-end where once the user clicks on "use this template", they can choose between a one-token or two-token organization. The Tokens screen is enhanced to be able to customize the token configuration on that screen. This allows us to just maintain a single onboarding flow, and our contract was written in a way to provide the flexibility around the token configuration.
        - The contract is almost ready to audit
        - The frontend is a WIP
    - Updating the screen during the Onboarding flow where it shows the signature transaction progress - [https://github.com/AutarkLabs/aragon/issues/29](https://github.com/AutarkLabs/aragon/issues/29)
    - Forwarder API - 1hive has been interested in testing this for their work, so we were bringing the PR up to date with the latest aragon.js code and testing it in our apps again
    - **Token API** - almost done with the implementation (...??), but paused work to get the spec reviewed and to understand the priorities around getting it merged into SDK. we can resume work on it once that is more clear.
    - Radspec - wrote a helper to get timestamp based on block number. have the PR ready for internal review.
    - Token manager - Pulled code into main OE branch and started work on testing in our branch, almost ready for Rinkeby deploy.
    - DAO recovery script - [https://github.com/AutarkLabs/open-enterprise/pull/1742](https://github.com/AutarkLabs/open-enterprise/pull/1742)

        This script provides the ability to generate a custom data string which can be given to users to recover their DAO if they're unable to complete the second transaction when deploying a DAO from the Open Enterprise Template. The command is:

        `npm run recoverTemplate`


#### Open Work Labs
- We have a version of OE working with several moving parts:
    - contextual discussions working in dot voting
    - aragon.js methods for interacting with the "organization data store" (quasar). Projects app is working with quasar, and is doing so (mostly) through the aragon.js methods.
    - aragon wrapper support for automatically registering apps with quasar that are marked as `storage: true` in their arap.json
    - 3box identity resolution is working
    - profiles built natively into aragon client
    - organization data store support build directly into aragon client


#### Aragon Mesh
- Unsure if a seperate update is needed
    - Mainly working on AragonSDK with help of A1 (same roadmap)
    - Adding a lot of test on the aragonCLI. Future versions are going to be much more stable!!
    - Exposing programatic API
        - First version won't be full features
        - replaces some CLI functionality

#### Aragon Black


#### Aragon Association
- Building out working groups
- Seeing if working groups can move faster
- Network strategy
    - currently private
- Improvements to new version of CFDAO or something like it
- 



### Discussions 

#### Proposing changes to All Devs. Test week on Dec 23rd?
- Moving updates to a written update
- Focusing all devs on topics
    - Discuss shared development goals
    - Share on experimentation and new ideas
    - Plan future development
- Making all devs an opt-in call
    - Facilitators can ping people deemed relevant for Agenda topics
- To make all devs more appealing, dynamic and useful we would like to
    - move updates to a written format
        - Updates will be posted to the forum
        - Strong level of buy-in on this change
        - Current format isn't efficient
        - Test this change for next All Devs
        - No opposition to this change
    - Focus All devs on topics
        - Requires more preperation on topics
        - Try and just bring in people relevant to topics
    - Make All Devs an opt-in call
        - Lots of people are here
        - Not a lot of participation
        - Organize around topics should increase engagement
    - Maybe do demos or technical conversation around particular spec
        - If anyone has anything they'd like to demo reach out for next all devs
### Attendance

Aragon Black: 

Aragon Mesh: 

Aragon One: 

Autark: 

Open Work Labs: 

Aragon Association: 

Community:

### License
This template is modified from the Ethereum All Core Devs call notes template and inherits the same CC-BY-SA 3.0 License.
