
# All Aragon Devs #25 (Notes)
Call #25: June 24, 2019 8am PST / 11am EST / 3pm UTC / 5pm CEST

- [Audio/video of the meeting](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=qPocKfErFbA&t=1938s)
- [See notes](#notes)

### Agenda
* Appoint note takers
* Introduce team members who havenâ€™t already met each other (~0-5min)
* Updates from the last call and current priorities
    * Aragon One (~5min)
    * Autark (~5min)
    * Open Work Labs (~2min)
    * Aragon Mesh (~5min)
    * Aragon Black (~5min)
    * Association (~2min)
* Topics
    - Developer and user documentation in Aragon
        - A central hub to all Aragon teams?
        - What are "core Aragon apps"?
        - What tools should we use?
    - Token manager strategy for "quasi-transferable tokens" [Autark]
    - Solidity 0.5 upgrade path - is there one? [Autark]
    - PR review process for Aragon repos - what should it be? [Autark]
    - Aragon on xDai
    - IPFS pinning with Pinata


## Notes


#### Introductions


### Updates

#### Aragon One

Focus on 0.7.4 released on the 14/15 June with autocomplete search engine for local labels, a new Aragon UI component for this. More stable identity solutions to come in 0.8.
Offsite mainly revolving on 0.8 release schedule and focus:
- Front-end and design system demo and feedback, Aragon UI will be just for Aragon apps
- Will result in improvements to API
- [Will update post for 0.8 scope](https://forum.aragon.org/t/aragon-one-product-scope-for-0-8/741/21) with key features notifications system support and app caching introduced in 0.7.4 improvement. Release likely towards end July, beginning of August
- Lots of work on the Court: namely final round of appeals, PR being reviewed on this item. Last big item is the subscription model for DAOs to use the Court.

#### Autark

- [Draft AGP](https://forum.aragon.org/t/autark-flock-agp-for-anv-3/1059) was posted for ANV-3 on the forum
- Audit of front-end code
- Address book contracts ready for audit
- Standard Bounty contract has gone throught audit by Consensys and a new version will be released with improvments such as meta-transactions support.
    - New StandardBounties is at pragma 0.5
- Potentially renaming TPS to `Open Enterprise`

#### Open Work Labs

- Handling external transactions intents and data from other apps in a DAO, will push PR to aragon.js and sync offline
- Profiles: PR ready for review. Rendering iframe caused issues with CSS, will write offline about methods to integrate 3box to identity resolvers.
- Will attend IPFS camp and continue to iterate on [smart contract based IPFS Clusters](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1vOUDU9AWpDgoSFXOZ-ZnK0XHJfx3Af98o4nc10rBEiU/edit?usp=drive_web&amp;ouid=113984970259831124217).

#### Aragon Mesh

- Nest update, and with this occasion we've been reviewing and formatting our releases which were aggregated in a `CHANGELOG.md` file
- We marked 3 versions as stable: https://github.com/aragon/aragon-cli/#stable-builds-
- Made some progress with AGP-28 (the DAOfication of `aragonpm.eth`)

Nightly build:
- Set up probot apps & switched to `dependabot` from `greenkeeper` for dependency management.
- Added a new option called `--apm.ipfs.gateway` , which is used to download application artifacts from. The default environments now point to AN's IPFS node.
- Switched to depandabot from greenkeeper for dependency updates

Work in progress:
- Polishing & testing `apm publish`, because of the new:
  - deprecated functions change (that will include a list of removed smart contract functions causing radspec to render correctly)
  - sanity check change (that will see whether the the current artifacts can be reused or if the app needs to be rebuild)
- Splitting the `go-ipfs` installation from the CLI (because it is slow and sometimes unreliable), that includes:
  - having a new command to facilitate the installation
  - recommending it to be installed once, globally, if it's not already installed
- Once these two are merged, we will release a new stable version with a changelog since `v5.9.3`


#### Aragon Black

- Worked on redesign on frontends sent by Patty from A1
- Overview tab and reserves tab and sidepanel is pretty much done
    - There are some tricky small things that still needs to be refined

- Regarding the Orders tab, we are waiting a bit on Pierre and Paty since they are working on the Table component that we need
- Having some issues with publishing the Kit utilizing the docker image for dao templates
- Created deploy script for giving the user the org instance address
- Background scripts for retrieving order data and token balances
- [Aragon PM repo started](https://github.com/AragonBlack/aragonpm.com)
- Closed Fundraising onboarding applications, made the selection and started calls with selected projectd

#### Aragon Association

- Working closely with A1 team in Zug, treasury manners, ops for Swiss entity
- ANV #3 prep
- Securing audit for TPS

### Discussions

#### Developer and user documentation in Aragon
- A central hub to all Aragon teams?
    - Clarity over where to put docs; wiki? hack.aragon.org? Knowledge base?
- What are "core Aragon apps"?
    - What's the meaning of a core app, does the package manager count?
    - What goes into the "Aragon" app name? (e.g. Aragon Fundraising vs. Projects)
- What tools should we use?
    - John: There use to be documentation inside of the wiki; since then our documentation is on HelpScout (paid 3rd party service @ help.aragon.org). Useful tool for seperating documentation between different apps with links, but poses a challenge because of the paywall around accounts. Is it scalable to coordinate a guest account / onboarding process for new developers. Should app developers host their own documentation for apps or should we include all documentation in a centralized location.
    - Daniel: We have more than just technical documentation but also a user-guide for Fundraising / pando. Would like to add video content as well. Creating a blog / platform for different verticals
    - Yalda: the forwarding flow makes the separation between apps important; it should be easy for a user to understand all the different apps in-between, especially if they're from different developers
        - Different doc sites would get really confusing
    - Brett: HelpScout could be for OS-level functionality, but docs should be maintained per app by their developers
    - Daniel / Louis: Perhaps we could have a template / centralized location for the docs


#### Token manager strategy for "quasi-transferable tokens" [Autark]

- MiniMe token with whitelist transferablility, so in order to support roles for this implementation we need to have a permissioned function in the token manager. Should we fork the current implementation or give this feature to the current TM.
- Sync offline for specific spec
#### Solidity 0.5 upgrade path - is there one? [Autark]

- Hiccups causing a change to dependency in the client (Web3)
- More discussion needs to happen around upgrading the `pragma` to 0.5
- Eventually we will have to upgrade

#### PR review process for Aragon repos - what should it be? [Autark]

- When would it be possible to review SDK feature changes?
     - Discuss more what the roadmap will look like
     - Give Autark team control to merging PRs as a possible solution
    - Approx 1 week turn-around time for new features/bug fixes

#### Aragon on xDai

- What should be the level engagement for the xDAI implementation, should a Flock / Nest team be responsible for maintainence?
    - Louis: We should think about the association creating the proposal and then finiding a team that can take on that work. Or we can wait until a Flock team has the bandwidth to take on this project. Possibly A1 or AB can find reasons to put this on their roadmaps given the apps they are supporting currently.
    - Reach out if anyone has an idea on how to implement

#### IPFS pinning with Pinata

- Similar to last topic, looking to spark interest in integrating the Pinata pinning service (up to 1GB).
     - Jonathan: Curious if their endpoint is compatible with the IPFS API (Avoid refactoring). How do we manage the API keys with DAOs (governance questions: does the entity have its own or do the members generate their own etc.)
    - Brett: You can share keys between the members and we utilize local storage. Pinata would just act as a way to host these files peristently, especially if we set the Cloudflare IPFS gateway as our default gateway for interactions with IPFS.

### Attendance

Aragon Black: Daniel S, Deam, Cory

Aragon Mesh: Gabi, Daniel C.

Aragon One: Brett, Jorge, Daniel N, Luke

Autark: Arthur, Yalda, Radek, Chad, Kevin, Otto

Open Work Labs: Jon

Aragon Association: Louis

Community:

### License
This template is modified from the Ethereum All Core Devs call notes template and inherits the same CC-BY-SA 3.0 License.
