---
tags: alldevs
---

# All Aragon Devs #35 (Notes)
Call #35: November 11th, 2019 8am PST / 11am EST / 3pm UTC / 5pm CEST

- [Audio/video of the meeting]()
- [See notes](#notes)

### Notes

#### Introductions


### Updates

#### Aragon One

* Waiting to cut a release & update apps
* There may be a release candidate out already!
* Client changes: deep linking now supported in client! Will talk later about what that means.
* CLI being updated to more stable version; looking to mid-______ for new version release
* aragonSDK working group formed around these efforts; 5 or 6 people now contributing to this
* aragon court: 
    * audit coming in on Friday; as far as we know now, nothing major found by auditors
    * working on a Phase 1 site for onboarding jurors
    * making interface for jurors themselves now for working through disputes
    * launch date for court: not public yet; probably mid-December for pre-sale for juror token; February or so for initial launch

#### Autark

* Final push to mainnet! Have been collecting user testing & resolving issues discovered
* DAI on mainnet not properly handled; a straightforward solution has been implemented, has caused syncing issues that only appear on mainnet; should be resolved in a day or two
* upcoming:
    * half of team on support & maintenance
    * work toward supporting non-GitHub version of Projects
    * improve Allocations, including better visibility into Allocations
    * providing specification for Token API; to start development next week, pending turnaround on spec
    * small Radspec changes throughout Open Enterprise
    * finalizing token manager & reputation template audits


#### Open Work Labs

* first draft of Aragon Client integration with Quasar, an IPFS pinning implementation, almost wrapped up; will need review soon
* first use-case of Quasar: organization settings, to make sure this data is pinned & only permissioned people are allowed pinning to organization's Quasar node
* after org settings: how can we optimize individual Aragon apps with Quasar?
* 3box identity: first version implemented; bugs documented; 3box addressing bugs; will submit PR to aragonJS once those bugs are addressed

#### Aragon Mesh

* Gabi away; no update this week

#### Aragon Black

* No one present from Aragon Black; no update this week

#### Aragon Association

* Louis has been off the last 1.5 weeks
* AA organization changes announced
* 


### Discussions 

#### Supporting Multi-collateral DAI

* MakerDAO is going to upgrade DAI to be multi-collateral next Monday (Nov. 18)
* Old DAI token => SAI
* Multi-collateral DAI => DAI
* SAI will dissappear in a few months, after a global settle happens
* Potential issue with all front ends, depending on changes Maker will make
    * Unclear whether we'll have to override the name and symbol of SAI
    * All frontends will have to upgrade to know about the new MCD DAI's address
* Upgrade towards the end of next week (~Nov. 21) to make sure it works well in all apps
* All apps should handle this as well

#### Deeplinking

* Support within a specific app now merged! [PR here](https://github.com/aragon/aragon-apps/pull/1029)
    * App tells client "I want to navigate to a new URL" and client decides if the app should be allowed. If allowed, the app receives an event, which it can listen to in order to change URLs
* Does not yet support inter-app navigation
* Autark plans to start implementing deeplinking within Open Enterprise apps next week

#### ETH Waterloo

* Autark sent Arthur, Chad, & Kevin
* Main takeaway: an interest in exploring The Graph more â€“ what's the status of that within Aragon? We would like to possibly do a tech demo of The Graph
    * Brett: adds more complexity to app developer's life
    * Planning to use it in court, which has stable contracts
    * The client and other Aragon apps use dynamically-deployed contracts, and have the ability to add new apps/contracts later. How would these be incorporated into a DAO's subgraph node?
* More research is needed!

### Attendance

Aragon Black: 

Aragon Mesh: 

Aragon One: Brett Sun, Alejandro Santander, Facundo Spagnuolo

Autark: Chad Ostrowski, Arthur Lunn, Peter Phillips, Yalda Mousavinia

Open Work Labs: Jon Schwartz

Aragon Association: Louis Giraux

Community:

### License
This template is modified from the Ethereum All Core Devs call notes template and inherits the same CC-BY-SA 3.0 License.
