
# All Aragon Devs #30 (Notes)
Call #30: september 2, 2019 8am PST / 11am EST / 3pm UTC / 5pm CEST

- [Audio/video of the meeting](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=rO7hjwcemKU)
- [See notes](#notes)

### Agenda
* Appoint note takers
* Introduce team members who havenâ€™t already met each other (~0-5min)
* Updates from the last call and current priorities
    * Aragon One (~5min)
    * Autark (~5min)
    * Open Work Labs (~2min)
    * Aragon Mesh (~5min)
    * Aragon Black (~5min)
    * Association (~2min)
* Topics


### Notes

#### Introductions


### Updates

#### Aragon One

- 0.8 - lot of activity - release should happen this week berlin blockchain week w strong A1 showing. Facu + Jorge working on the Court:
    - Test suite coverage has been increasing
    - Migrating contracts to solc 0.5 & Truffle V5
    - Over 1000 tests!
-

#### Autark
- Combined update with OWL
- Brought on emilio who is helping with aragon/os upgrade
- Finalizing changes on a few hacks based on auditor feedback
- Audit engagement should be finished early next week
- Conversion to new aragon/ui should be finished end of week
- Frontends need to be converted to use the new contrcts (after changes from auditors get implemented)
- forwarder API is ready
- automated application publishing flow
- continued org settings, but still need to progress aragon-storage
- Finished first version of discussions, working on deploying a demo of that

#### Open Work Labs
- See above

#### Aragon Mesh


#### Aragon Black
- fundraising pushed to rinkeby
    - https://rinkeby.aragon.org/#/0x94d94ce1e782785079d63e6bd565afe13979864f/
- Frontend was a little hacky, so been cleaning it up. Expected to have new version published to rinkeby by the end of the week
- Smart contract tests
- Consensys diligence ready to ship second round of feedback
- past issues should be fixed for those that could be fixed and were super important
- presale contract updates: starting to merge it this week and update the fundraising template accordingly
- Work on documentation

#### Aragon Association
- Berlin blockchain week gatherings
- starting membershsip contract for the nest DAO whose members will choose the nest grants
- applications for membership are open until wednesday
- Flock proposals due sep 24th
- AGP proposals october 3rd, with the new committee review policy

### Discussions
- How can flock teams help the aragon.js review process?
- Issue 361 - frontend event trigger (to dispatch actions to the aragon store)
    - Need to be able to trigger events every [time interval] from the react-side
    - Xavier has some tricks?
- aragon client repository still has some new features to get added before merging to master. The `newStyle` branch is the one to work off of

### Attendance

Aragon Black: Olivier, Xavier, Deam

Aragon Mesh:

Aragon One:

Autark: Emilio, Quazia, Yalda, Otto, Kevin

Open Work Labs:Jon

Aragon Association:

Community:

### License
This template is modified from the Ethereum All Core Devs call notes template and inherits the same CC-BY-SA 3.0 License.
