
# All Aragon Devs #32 (Notes)
Call #32: month day, 2019 8am PST / 11am EST / 3pm UTC / 5pm CEST

- [Audio/video of the meeting](https://youtu.be/12hGuuBMo9s)
- [See notes](#notes)

### Agenda
* Appoint note takers (Chad & Jorge)
* Introduce team members who havenâ€™t already met each other (~0-5min)
* Updates from the last call and current priorities
    * Aragon One (~5min)
    * Autark (~5min)
    * Open Work Labs (~2min)
    * Aragon Mesh (~5min)
    * Aragon Black (~5min)
    * Association (~2min)
* Topics


### Notes

#### Introductions


### Updates

#### Aragon One

- 0.8.2 release is planned right before Devcon
- On the network:
    - Deployment of Aragon court and ANJ which will use fundraising
    - Published launch plan on forum
    - Development of court is going well, talking to auditors now. Starting with individual audit on week of Nov. 21st
    - Added last features, working on emergency mechanism for court. 
    - Everything on schedule


#### Autark

Last two weeks
- Address Book identity provider integration - Done but needs internal review
- One follow up comment left from the audit we're resolving today based on the changes we submitted for review last week
- developed the frontend for the open enterprise onboarding for the client and submitted PR. 
- Doing some final touches on the template contracts this week
- finished design system upgrade for Allocations and Rewards.
- Made some small changes to the CLI for our needs, and moved towards using current version thanks to some changes from Mesh
- First draft of documentation for all apps completed
- Wrote step by step user test script for our bounty program we are kicking off this week
- Polished up radspec for our OE contracts
- Profiles (see owl)


Next 2-3 weeks
- Wrapping up our web3 integrations, template and launching open enterprise to Rinkeby 
- Polish up docs and user test script 
- Prepare app assets, screenshots, manifests
- Test and fine tune apps in preparation for mainnet
- Devcon & offsite in Osaka

#### Open Work Labs

- Storage solution updated
- On server-side: building Ethereum event-based pinning
- Will be having conversations to figure out how to implement this stuff more natively in Aragon
- Profiles
    - Figuring out how to implement it
    - Keeping up with changes: web3 & aragonUI updates

#### Aragon Mesh

Last two weeks:

- Dev support
- Released new version of aragonCLI which allows passing array arguments to templates
- Fixed intermittent issue with `@aragon/wrapper`; now support latest version of beta wrapper
- New feature to link deployed libraries to contracts
- Defined next version of CLI and what it should look like; will discuss further to get feedback

Next two weeks:

- Devcon
- Finish work-in-progress to include permissions with parameter for the ACL 
- Nest proposal. Main focus: having power user be at the center of new aragonCLI version. Proposal will include documentation for new users as well as this new power user topic.

#### Aragon Black

- Fundraising frontend almost done
- Taking the week to test everything; should be ok
- Last step is to wait for audit feedback; there's been a miscommunication issue there; had trouble booking the audit
    - They're doing the audit now
    - Only half of the audit, though
    - Discussed with Brett; think the best strategy is to await this half-audit then deploy to Rinkeby
    - Wait until full audit/report complete to fully release to mainnet
- Rinkeby release to be done before Devcon
- Final audit & mainnet release to follow

#### Aragon Association

- Hiring; finding right candidate for ops & hybrid role. Please send recommendations!
- Starting process for launching Nest DAO. In-progress. Expect more communications about this.
- Coordinating for security audit for releases (Aragon Black's & Autark's)
- Updating the wiki to give increased transparency to current & future members of the ecosystem
- Lots of interesting discussions in the forum ([one](https://forum.aragon.org/t/birds-of-a-feather/1277), [two](https://forum.aragon.org/t/an-optimists-take-on-flock/1299), [three](https://forum.aragon.org/t/aragons-cathedral-a-not-that-optimistic-take-on-flock/1300))

Next two weeks:

- Devcon


### Discussions

#### Template

- Contracts going through audit
- Frontend PR submitted

#### Frontend Triggers

This relates to [a change under review for the aragon.js repo](https://github.com/aragon/aragon.js/pull/361/files). Autark needs this change to restore functionality to their Projects & Rewards apps after the v0.8 client update. If needed, Autark can make changes with direction on the architecture from Brett: Route these trigger observables through a specific app context as opposed to inside the root of the wrapper

#### Open Enterprise Release Requirements
The plan is to get aragon.js changes for the FE triggers on rinkeby.aragon.org early/mid-week so we can start our community test/bounty program. Onboarding FE template done and PR submitted into aragon/aragon; need to integrate it with the contract which is going through testing. Targeting Friday Oct 4 or Monday/Tue Oct 7/8 for mainnet soft launch. Worst case scenario is crunching through Devcon and mainnet Oct 11.

The *AddressBook IdentityProvider integration* is important for doing a bigger launch announcement, but we plan to soft launch next week to reduce the pressure on last minute PRs (as we were previously told there wouldn't be time to get this merged before Devcon). The integration is currently under [internal review within Autark](https://github.com/AutarkLabs/aragon.js/pull/31).

#### Devcon dinner

A bunch of people from Aragon community will be at Devcon. Let's have dinner together! Louis will help coordinate. If you're interested, please ping Louis or Jorge. This will be organized offline.

#### Strategy for integrating aragon profile into the client

What Jon thinks might be best: 

- Profiles are at a pretty good place to merge in a soft- / not-public-launch sort of way. Almost like an Easter egg. 
- It's currently integrated very lightly; clicking your user address in the new 0.8 client brings you to your profile. That's it. 
- There are other gateways we could start to implement: 
    - in the address pop-over, we could add a "go to profile" link. 
    - We could add 3box as a full IdentityProvider so we can resolve names and avatars. 
- There's also a question of design: Paty created some great-looking new designs; not sure the timeline for porting to these new designs, but we might not need to do that before initial soft-launch. 
- We spent a long time getting Profiles to this point; it might make sense to merge it now and get some initial user feedback before continuing to polish this PR.

Do we want to do this, or do we want to make sure we add particular functionality before reviewing & merging?

#### Next version of aragonCLI 

Do we want a users-version of the CLI and a dev-version of the CLI?

### Attendance

Aragon Black: Olivier

Aragon Mesh: Gabi

Aragon One: Brett, Jorge, Pierre

Autark: Kevin, Arthur, Yalda, Chad, Peter, Radek, Emilio

Open Work Labs: Jon

Aragon Association: Louis

Community:

### License
This template is modified from the Ethereum All Core Devs call notes template and inherits the same CC-BY-SA 3.0 License.
