
# All Aragon Devs #29 (Notes)
Call #29: August 19, 2019 8am PST / 11am EST / 3pm UTC / 5pm CEST

- [Audio/video of the meeting](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=IPTyjHjG9_w)
- [See notes](#notes)

### Agenda
* Appoint note takers
* Introduce team members who havenâ€™t already met each other (~0-5min)
* Updates from the last call and current priorities
    * Aragon One (~5min)
    * Autark (~5min)
    * Open Work Labs (~2min)
    * Aragon Mesh (~5min)
    * Aragon Black (~5min)
    * Association (~2min)
* Topics
    * Should All Devs Become Working Group?


### Notes

### Updates

#### Aragon One

- Current focus on 0.8 Release. Most apps have been ported over
- Designing a new onboarding experience for users including new templates which are going through an audit right now.
- Current 0.8 release target is by end of month internally.
- Aragon Court is currently focused on code refactors and cleanup, specifically with the heartbeat.

#### Autark

- Forwarder API ready to be reviewed
- Start work on aragonAPI internal app triggers
- More robust voting settings
- Update address-book
- Review audit changes
- Focus on the audit review on next cycle
- Open Enterprise Mainnet release target: early october

#### Open Work Labs

- Solidify a plan for ipfs
- Review storage needed on aragon apps

#### Aragon Mesh

- Iterating on the last release and gathered feedback from the community
- CLI v7 release targetted for next week with large refactor for extension modules

#### Aragon Black

- Cleanup of the fundraising repo
- Fundraising ready for experimental deployment
- Pool contracts finally merged into the Agent
- Fundraising kits now use the new template arquitecture
- Presale contract being integrated
- Deam been working on the onboarding template and frontend
- Waiting for feedback from second round of audit

#### Aragon Association

- Daily operations and running for the association
- Slowly deploying working groups
- Working groups added to the [wiki](https://wiki.aragon.org/working-groups/meeting-notes/strategy-wg/Strategycall20190816/) as a section (needs more details)
- Anybody can now add and attend working groups
- Organized meetings during blockchain week

### Discussions

#### Should All Devs Become Working Group?

- This could allow us to expand all devs in terms of functionality and allow it to evolve
- Should all devs continue to have a status update function or does it belong elsewhere?
- Q: Would this then become the product working group?
    - A: No, this would be the development working group.
- Can work on finanlizing the specific role of the All Devs call into Development working group which will be shared on the forum.

### Attendance

Aragon Black: Olivier, Xavier

Aragon Mesh: Gabi

Aragon One: Pierre, Jorge, Brett

Autark: Otto, Chad, Arthur, Yalda, Kevin

Open Work Labs: Jon

Aragon Association: Louis

Community:

### License
This template is modified from the Ethereum All Core Devs call notes template and inherits the same CC-BY-SA 3.0 License.
