# All Core Devs Meeting #16
### Meeting Date/Time: 2019/02/18 at 15:00 UTC
### [Audio/Video of the meeting](https://youtu.be/KjMfy28K-a4)

## Agenda
- Appoint note takers
- Introduce team members who haven’t already met each other (~0-10min)
- Aragon One updates from last call and current priorities (~5-10min)
- Aragon DAC updates from last call and current priorities (~5-10min)
- Aragon Autark updates from last call and current priorities (~5-10min)
- Technical freeform discussion
- Security partners workflow
    - Public issues / communication
- Survey re-release (A1)
- Payroll prioritization (A1)
- Clarify git branch structure/workflow
- Next steps for monolithic apps?
- App storage with IPFS: [https://github.com/espresso-org/aragon-datastore](https://github.com/espresso-org/aragon-datastore)

## Notes
Aragon one update:

- 4.2 release
    - Responsive design
        - Designs for the app center and local identity system will be in [this repo](https://github.com/aragon/design)
    - Agent app (not UI, CLI and radspec)
        - [Demo DAO-to-DAO governance](https://cl.ly/b83c59e0fd41)
    - Survey app available again on CLI
- Next two week
    - [App center](https://github.com/aragon/design/issues/17)
    - Local Identity

Daniel and Gabi on CLI update

- Working on [milestone](https://github.com/aragon/aragon-cli/milestone/12) with bug fixes and e2e testing
- Roadmap in github for next work, [link](https://github.com/aragon/aragon-cli/pull/360)
- Next two week
    - Update documentation

Autark update

- Projects app
    - Submitting issues
- Next two weeks
    - Finalising
    - Research and short term roadmap
- See how the identity badge will evolve to see whether it makes sense to make use of.
- Discussion + profile data
    - Looks at IPFS and other storage solutions

Consensys Diligence

- Currently: Auditing 0.6.0 release
- Would like to know how to file issues
- Doesn’t make sense to file security issues publicly

Authio ([https://github.com/aragon/AGPs/blob/master/AGPs/AGP-18.md](https://github.com/aragon/AGPs/blob/master/AGPs/AGP-18.md)) - Alex

- Been reviewing aragonOS and aragon-apps
- Getting familiar with codebase
- Baseline audit scope - aragon-apps + aragonOS + dao-kits
- Next week - unit testing and inheritance structure
- Would like to know how to file issues

Payroll prioritization

- Consideration about how people will use it
- Release planned for the next couple of months

Clarify git branch structure/workflow

- Describe when master vs next
- Most of repos in aragon org have master
- aragonOS is exception because of the difficulty deploying
    - Dev is a legacy branch before we knew next were needed
- next branch are for upgrades that are hard to deploy, can’t be deploy until more review is made
- master is what’s deployed on any given network

Monolithic apps next steps

- Notes from meeting at AraCon: [https://docs.google.com/document/d/1ZYKdq2RtrjhXE1ic78VWr7gIz5lohnxbNPbWuinBppU/edit?usp=sharing](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1ZYKdq2RtrjhXE1ic78VWr7gIz5lohnxbNPbWuinBppU/edit?usp=sharing)
- Reach interested
- Each phase 4 sprints (Autark)
    - Research
    - More specific specification for forwarders
    - Get better multi contract app support
- Then move to implementation

App storage with IPFS

- Aragon datastore with IPFS and storj
- Problem of how to pin and resolve information

## Attendance
A1: Bingen, Daniel, Pierre, Jorge, Luis, Brett, Maria

DAC: Daniel, Gabi

Autark: Radek, Yalda, Arthur, Otto, Kevin

Open Work Labs: Thomas, Jon

Consensys Diligence: Sergi, Martin, Maurelian

Authio: Alex

Pando / Black: Olivier

## License
This template is borrowed from the Ethereum All Core Devs call notes [template](https://github.com/ethereum/pm/blob/master/All%20Core%20Devs%20Meetings/Meeting%20Template.md) and inherits the same [CC-BY-SA 3.0 License](https://github.com/ethereum/pm/blob/master/LICENSE).
