# All Core Devs Meeting #1

### Meeting Date/Time: 2018/07/16

## Agenda
- Introduce the reason for having the call (~5min)
- Introduce team members who haven’t already met each other (~0-10min)
- Aragon One current priorities (~5-10min)
- Aragon DAC current priorities (~5-10min)
- Technical freeform discussion

**Proposed topics**

- Does the Aragon DAC need a repo itself (e.g. similar to aragondac-community)?
- What repos does the Aragon DAC need access to?
- Datastore Nest ownership

## Notes

Aragon One priorities

- Permissions UI, documentation, changes for the smart contract audit by Consensus, TCR + Network research

Aragon DAC priorities

- Aragon.js and aragon-cli

Aragon.js

- Transition review responsibilities to Quazia
- Changes for current cycle
- Needs for permissions App
- How will the permissions be integrated into the smart contracts
- Much of the information is contained in aragon.js but may not be exposed
- List of installed apps
- Permission tree mapping through permission forwarding
- Full permission graph traversal exposed
- General “cleanup”
- While the code is “battle tested” polish and love are needed
- Add aragon standardized ESlint
- Shift to TypeScript in next sprint?
- Look at the cost/benefits of making a transition
- Go through a trial period where we see if there is an increase in labor is needed to adhere to TypeScript
- Re-evaluate at end of cycle

Aragon-cli

- Look over open pull requests and get an idea of how many resources can be committed to Aragon-CLI
- Some issues in the 4.2.0 milestone would be nice to bundle with the current pull requests for a new minor version release

Aragon DAC Github organization

- Must have contributed ~80hours of work through bounties before someone can join the organization
- Specific permissions will be assigned as necessary
- We’ll worry about actually adding someone to the organization when we get to it
- Will likely use the same sprint / cycle (2 week sprint, 3 sprint cycle) as Aragon One
- As we change how we use tools (e.g. Zenhub and Github milestones) Brett will keep Arthur in touch

Nest

- Decentralizing nest grant ownership to other teams
- Assigned Quazia to the Datastore proposal (https://github.com/aragon/nest/pull/34) as the point of contact and reviewer

## License
This template is borrowed from the Ethereum All Core Devs call notes [template](https://github.com/ethereum/pm/blob/master/All%20Core%20Devs%20Meetings/Meeting%20Template.md) and inherits the same [CC-BY-SA 3.0 License](https://github.com/ethereum/pm/blob/master/LICENSE).
