# All Aragon Devs #20

Call #20: April 15, 2019 8am PST / 11am EST / 3pm UTC / 5pm CEST

- [Audio/video of the meeting](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zDYMKKGywdk)
- See [notes](#notes)

## Agenda

- Appoint note takers
- Introduce team members who haven’t already met each other (~0-10min)
- Aragon One updates from last call and current priorities (~5-10min)
- Aragon Autark updates from last call and current priorities (~5-10min)
- Open Work Labs updates from last call and current priorities (~2min)
- Aragon Mesh updates from the last call and current priorities (~5-10min)
- Aragon Black updates from the last call and current priorities (~5-10min)
- Security partner updates
- Topics

## Proposed topics

- aragonOS@4.2.0 released (A1)
- aragonUI@0.34.0 released (A1)
- 0.7 staging testers wanted! (A1)
- App Center listings (A1)
- [Organization identity](https://forum.aragon.org/t/proposed-design-for-a-daos-home-page-within-aragon/826) (Autark)
- [IPFS Pinning proposals](https://forum.aragon.org/t/aragon-network-ipfs-pinning/824) - Feedback and discussion (Autark/OWL)


## Notes

### Introductions

No introductions.

### Updates

#### Aragon One

- Mostly involved on AGP process and 0.7 release and 0.6 to 0.7 upgrade process
- Deploying an un-audited version of payroll app
- Local identity badges will only be available to DAOs with contracts upgraded to 0.7
- Update about the Court implementation?
    - Experimenting with different checkpointing implementations
- Staking being closer to wrapped up

#### Autark

- Finishing up most of TPS
- Deploying to Rinkeby now
- Posted two forum posts related to the IPFS pinning and IPFS pinning issues
- Plans for the next two weeks:
    - Start frontend implementation of Home app: will reconcile what can be fully implemented given the current stack
    - Begin AragonAPI research for enhanced forwarding and generate specs

#### Open Work Labs

- Finishing up the [signing system](https://github.com/aragon/aragon/pull/683).
- Profile boilerplate up & running.
- Pinning architecture on [forum](https://forum.aragon.org/t/aragon-network-ipfs-pinning/824)

#### Aragon Mesh

- CLI. Cleaning stuff on the documentation, issue templates, refactoring. Trying to figure out where we are now and what could the roadmap be for the next versions.
- Work on `apm publish` by jorge (will be releasing soon, so you can publish a new version with a vote)
- Work on the CLI extensibility on-going
- Working on documentation and testing for next few weeks

#### Authio

* No one from Authio

#### ConsenSys Diligence

* Reviewed the last aragon-apps PRs, minor changes
* Compiling summary of network audit needs among various projects

#### Aragon Black

- Focused on bonding curve and batched order system—should be ready before next all dev call
- Working with Patty on frontend.
- Talking with Luke about best user perspective on Apiary. How does bonding curve work? How should it be used by a user?
- Taking IPLD/git object and turning it into easy to use javascript objects.
- Update and commit things from the browser without CLI. Use cases are things like drafting proposal. Working on frontend lib for this.

### Announcements

- **By next call Aragon Network Vote #2 will be completed.**
    - Vote opens Thursday, Apr. 25
    - Move tokens to the wallet you're going to vote with *before the vote starts*.
- Aragon UI released.
- Includes components for Identities Provider
- [Staging](https://aragon.staging.aragonpm.com) is available for testers. Especially those that are familiar with Aragon and have organizations.
- Will be making updates over next few days before 0.7 release.

### Discussions

- App Center.
    - Discover apps panel: curated lists of application. TPS, Pando, Espesso and Aragon One apps.
    - Ask `@sohkai` on Rocket chat to get your app listed (and how!)
- Organization identity —> [forum post](https://forum.aragon.org/t/proposed-design-for-a-daos-home-page-within-aragon/826)
    - Similar UX to permissions app.
    - If we're designing apps, devs should think about widgets.
    - Make it easier for a user see votes and vote.
    - Will try to support a few different blog solutions. Rss feeds.
    - Ideas to connect chat apps with widgets to see org chat.
    - Where is data going to be stored?
    - Where do we want content blocks?

- IPFS Pinning
    - REST API as well as our own node.
    - Our API can handle requests from clients and pin to node providers. We can pin to multiple additional services.
    - We can store that data in traditional dbs like mongo so we can query and cache data. This still allows for content verifiability.
    - Textile uses developer keys and JWTs. We could use this to help build authentication but needs to fleshed out.
    - Signing messages doesn't prevent ddos.
    - We could look at permissions or ANT levels.
    - Every org has it's own backend and pin files themselves instead of having one large service that serves every organization.
    - We could have this resource at a network level. Could be distributed to flock teams.
    - Filecoin could be integrated into this. Need to look into ethereum-filecoin integrations.
    - See in-progress implementation: https://github.com/openworklabs/pinning-service.

## Attendance:
Aragon Black: Olivier

A1: Brett, Facu, Bingen, Jorge, Maria

Autark: Yalda, Kevin

Open Work Labs: Jon Schwartz, Thomas O'Brien

Aragon Mesh: Gabi, Daniel

AA: Louis

Consensys Diligence: John

Authio: No one

Community: Olivier


## License
This template is modified from the Ethereum All Core Devs call notes [template](https://github.com/ethereum/pm/blob/master/All%20Core%20Devs%20Meetings/Meeting%20Template.md) and inherits the same [CC-BY-SA 3.0 License](https://github.com/ethereum/pm/blob/master/LICENSE).
