# All Aragon Devs #39 (Notes)
Call #39: January 6, 2019 8am PST / 11am EST / 3pm UTC / 5pm CEST

- [Audio/video of the meeting](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LxZMXI5gk_Q)
- [See notes](#notes)

### Team Updates

* Aragon One [updates](https://forum.aragon.org/t/all-aragon-devs-updates-and-planning-39/1714/3?u=louisgrx) from last call and current priorities 
* Aragon Autark [updates](https://forum.aragon.org/t/all-aragon-devs-updates-and-planning-39/1714/5?u=louisgrx) from last call and current priorities 
* Aragon Mesh/SDK [updates](https://forum.aragon.org/t/all-aragon-devs-updates-and-planning-39/1714/4?u=louisgrx) from the last call and current priorities 


### Agenda
* Appoint note takers
* Introduce team members who havenâ€™t already met each other (~0-5min)
* Topics


### Notes

#### Introductions


### Discussions 


#### Give updates a forward looking dimension with updates on upcoming work
A section will be added to the updates on the forum 

#### In case no topics are proposed on all devs
Leave the call optional. May be used to ask questions on updates and discuss other topics informally




### Attendance

Aragon Mesh: Mathew Cormier

Aragon One: Brett Sun, Alejandro Santander, Gabriel Garcia, Pierre Bertet, Enrique Ortiz

Autark: Arthur Lunn, Yalda Mousavinia

Aragon Association: Louis Giraux


### License
This template is modified from the Ethereum All Core Devs call notes template and inherits the same CC-BY-SA 3.0 License.
