---
tags: alldevs
---

# All Aragon Devs #31 (Notes)
Call #31: september 16, 2019 8am PST / 11am EST / 3pm UTC / 5pm CEST

- [Audio/video of the meeting](https://youtu.be/Dyv1afwZKXo)
- [See notes](#notes)

### Agenda
* Appoint note takers
* Introduce team members who havenâ€™t already met each other (~0-5min)
* Updates from the last call and current priorities
    * Aragon One (~5min)
    * Autark (~5min)
    * Open Work Labs (~2min)
    * Aragon Mesh (~5min)
    * Aragon Black (~5min)
    * Association (~2min)
* Topics


### Notes

#### Introductions


### Updates

#### Aragon One
- Client
    * Released Client V0.8
    * Add templates for Open Enterprise and Fundraising
- Court
    - Finishing testing phase, integration tests and simulations remain
    - Trying to plan out the rest of the year: audit, deployment tasks etc
    - Proposal for it's launch will be determined this week


#### Autark
- Frontend Updates almost complete with new design system
- Chad created a stubbed frontend system using localstorage
- Storage has a complete Proof-of-concept and is moving to contract-based pinning
- Finishing up templates and mixedbytes will start auditing them later this week
    - Base template: all Open Enterprise Apps (will be released on mainnet)
    - OE template with modified token manager
    - OE + Discussions
- Focus is on mainnet release, more generally
* Design system finish, working on allocation
* Front-end solution using mocking
* Automate continue deployment for test rinkeby deployment
* Initial Proof of Concept of contract base pinning
* Audit on templates
    * Open entreprise template
    * Other two that relay on contracts 

Next two week:
* Finish update on the app and then publish

#### Open Work Labs
- Storage Work
    - First task: Letting the client pin to an org's storage location
    - Working to create more proofs of concept/ feature demos
- Operational Plan: Newly created orgs will have a limited amount of space to pin to Autarks or Aragon's IPFS node

#### Aragon Mesh
- Backlog grooming for bugs and github issues: prioritized and released a patch
- Fixed issues with ganache and aragen
- Released new version of aragonCLI that includes client V0.8 and new ganache version
- product planning for new aragonCLI: new features!
- Onboarding Matthew and Sacha

Question from Brett: What is the timeline for the new version of the CLI? 
A: Still prioritizing features and roadmap to decide on features to include and development method to take before we can determine a possible release

#### Aragon Black
- Backend
    * Finish update contract after the audit
    * Almost done with reviewing the presale contract
    - Done updating contracts
    - Almost done reviewing the presale contracts
    - Done updating the new template
- Frontend
    - Using library for charts that lacks a maintainer, refactoring to create more meaningful charts, new features as trends
    - Working to foster a better workflow
    - Working with A1 on the onboarding screen for creating a new fundraising instance
    - Will be working to get this out to mainnet as soon as possible, hopefully before Devcon V

#### Aragon Association
- We're Hiring: Operations Manager
- Still in process of deploying Nest DAO
    - Will be call on Thursday for Q&A on Nest DAO
- Flock governance process under development
    - Improve aplicationn process, currently a bit ambiguous as to what's needed to apply


### Discussions 

#### Opening up the aragon Github organization to community members (A1)
* Know who are developers of the Aragon organization
* Label users as Aragon dev community members
* Transition the GitHub orgs to a more open community of contribution
* Should start transitioning the Aragon org on Github to be more open and allow users to represent themselves as contributors to the Aragon github org
* Having a type of badge that show people contribution on diferent topics
* The biggest challenge is finding contributors outside github who have done valuable stuff in the forum and chat and elsewhere 


#### [Major League Hacking](https://mlh.io/) / other hackathon participation (A1)
* Query to see if we are getting involve in this
* Wondering if we want to start showing up
* Casual hackathoon that university from Europe and USA organize
* Action item: define what we need from these hackathons and what are our goals do we want talent or testing? students attracted by 1: novelty and 2: opportunities (such as internship)
* Maybe we could link that to the 'Aragon Academy'
- Should we be doing more university outreach going forward? There aren't many left right now
- The season goes from the Fall to the early Spring
- [North America](https://mlh.io/seasons/na-2020/events)
- [Europe](https://mlh.io/seasons/eu-2020/events)

#### How should the GUI & CLI clients support apps without contracts (that may concern only the user, or may provide an UI alternative) ? (Mesh)
* Having the ability to use CLI extensions
* Have a way to install and uninstall them, how they comunicate with each other
* the pando app could extend th cli
- Might be good to build an extension pathway around building apps that don't need contracts
* An idea is to use a microkernel architecture and be closelly related with the UI
* How to deal with apps that don't have contracts?
    * Decouple this between diferent APM repos?


### Attendance

Aragon Black: Xavier, Olivier

Aragon Mesh: Daniel, Gabi

Aragon One: Pierre, Bingen, Luke, Facu, Jorge, Brett

Autark: Arthur, Kevin, Emilio, Otto, Chad

Open Work Labs: John

Aragon Association: Louis

Community:

### License
This template is modified from the Ethereum All Core Devs call notes template and inherits the same CC-BY-SA 3.0 License.
