

# All Aragon Devs #27 (Notes)
Call #27: July 22, 2019 8am PST / 11am EST / 3pm UTC / 5pm CEST

- [Audio/video of the meeting](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=b1aKoYFfy7s)
- [See notes](#notes)

### Agenda
* Appoint note takers
* Introduce team members who havenâ€™t already met each other (~0-5min)
* Updates from the last call and current priorities
    * Aragon One (~5min)
    * Autark (~5min)
    * Open Work Labs (~2min)
    * Aragon Mesh (~5min)
    * Aragon Black (~5min)
    * Association (~2min)
* Topics
    - Discussion on teams owning Github repositories
    - aragonPM instances (`aragonpm.eth`, `autark.aragonpm.eth`, etc)


### Notes
#### Introductions

* Ale, new to Aragon One

### Updates

#### Aragon One

##### aragonUI
* Focusing on releasing 0.8
* aragonUI now published on NPM under the `next` tag
  * https://www.npmjs.com/package/@aragon/ui?activeTab=versions
* Have been updating aragon-apps with the new aragonUI
    * 6-8 hours to update Token manager app, a few more for the responsive view (https://github.com/aragon/aragon-apps/pull/918)
    * Finance app: ~3 days so far for the UI changes, looking good (https://github.com/aragon/aragon-apps/pull/929)
* It's a good time to get started updating other apps to new design system!
* Could use help updating all of aragonUI

##### Contracts
* Facu is focusing on the organization template updates for 0.8.
* The "kit" terminology has been deprecated and now it's called "templates"
* Check it out at https://github.com/aragon/dao-templates

##### Court
* Main features are implemented from the white paper
* Will be thoroughly testing the court contracts over the next few weeks


#### Autark
* Working to create demo of Profiles and possibly deep linking ahead of the vote

##### Audit
* Received initial feedback on Rewards and Address Book
* Continuing to update and prepare contracts ahead of the next wave of audits: Projects was just handed over.
* Finalized dynamic forwarding other than addressing minor issues

##### Other work
* Working to get the ForwarderAPI endpoints merged within the next couple weeks
* Delaying upgrading apps to new design system until mid-August

##### Current Priorities

* Responding to audit
* Finishing up items from AGP-19

#### Open Work Labs
##### Profiles
* Working through the integration right now
* Implemented as a "system app": will rely on deep linking to browse other users' profiles

##### Other Activities
* Want to continue conversation about resolving identities on 3box
* aragon.js PRs need review
* Encountered some compatibility issues between the latest Master branches of the client and aragon.js but have resolved them


#### Aragon Mesh

Previous 2 weeks:
* Cleaning up IPFS command
* Include a new global option to configure gas-price
* Created a cli-utils package to remove some duplicate files across packages and to prepare for breaking down the CLI into smaller packages
* WIP: Update scripts on aragen to include in the snapshot the Aragon Client, the new templates and likely Open Enterprise as well.

Next 2 weeks:

* Marking v6 as stable, publishing the new docs to hack
* Work towards v7 which will remove deprecated options like network and commands like aragon init and a bit more cleaning up
* Update boilerplate using new templates
* Allow to configure CLI from arapp.json (e.g. gas-price, default environment, apm timeout, etc)


#### Aragon Black
##### Fundraising App
* Orders tab done for the new redesign
* Some minor stuff and clean up left to do on the frontend part
  * Perhaps a review on the frontend would be nice
* Pushed most of PRs to respond to security audit
* Smart contract updates done by EOW, will be sending back batch order system for new audit
* Lost a bit of time due to the Bancor formula
* Targeting mid-August for Rinkeby release
* Still need to work out limitations with the template
  * Can't deploy the entire set of apps right now because of gas limits
* May be an opportunity to demonstrate Fundraising by Berlin Blockchain Week


#### Aragon Association

Last week:

* Approved two new Nest grants
    * 1Hive, implements MolochDAO game theory using the modularity of Aragon apps
    * Implementing Uniswap & compound in Aragon DAOs

Working groups:
* Close to a partial launch of working groups
* Will arise around different themes like Research, Product, Strategy, Design
* Still looking for people to kickstart these groups
* Not much to do in order to start one; get in touch
* John at A1 will be formalizing best practices around launching and running working groups
* **NOTE** Looking for volunteers to admin the Product and R&D working groups
* AGP Process was a focus last week as well

Berlin Blockchain Week:
* Members from various Aragon teams will be in Berlin the last week of August
* Opportunity to have get-togethers and get to know each other better

### Discussions

#### Teams owning GH repositories

This came up on a call with Flock team leaders. How to organize best as flock teams? Could be interesting to create ownerships for different Aragon repos, with different flock teams owning different repos, and being responsible for reviewing and merging incoming PRs for these repos.

Brett details:

* `aragon` organization on GH is very A1-specific
* Transitioned it to one that includes no private repos
* This org on GH is meant to house all official/shared repos across the whole project (flock, nest, etc)
* On todo list: defining more specifically the ownership, as well as default permissions
* Bad right now: the default org permissions are quite open; these need audit before it's practical to add all flock & nest teams
* Want to make sure "who gets assigned reviewer responsibility" and whatnot all makes sense
* Do flock teams want more permissions here? what setup would people want?

Olivier:

* Problem/issue/discussion: who formally owns what in the stack? Knowing this can ease coordination challenges.
* Some Aragon-wide things hosted by `aragonblack` org right now that would benefit from the visibility of being hosted by `aragon` org instead

Brett:

* What repos would we like to see in the `aragon` organization (Fundraising could be one of them)

Louis:

* We will continue thinking and discussing this


#### aragonPM Org and Goveranance Structure

* Should Flock teams have their own ENS subdomains within Aragon? (aragonblack.aragonpm.eth, autark.aragonpm.eth, etc)
* Olivier: It doesn't make practical sense to have a vote for every small change
* Brett: We can give permission to other teams to make upgrades in their own repos as they like. The association is the ultimate keyholder and can revoke access to teams if needed
* Olivier: can we bypass need for a vote for minor updates, but require for major?
* Brett: no way to do that now

What criteria to promote apps to main aragonpm.eth?

* Would need to be defined/curated by AA
* Possible criteria:
    * Reasonably tight security
    * Polished UX
    * Maintainability / maintenance plan

#### Open Enterprise on Aragen
* Gabi requested a snapshot of Open Enterprise for Aragen
* Autark preparing for a mainnet release but, can provide a stable commit to be provided for Aragen (so the apps are accessible on the aragon devchain without deploying a template)
* Branches will be ready in 2-3 weeks

### Attendance

Aragon Black: Olivier, Xavier and Deam

Aragon Mesh: Gabi

Aragon One: Pierre, Brett, Ale, Jorge, Facu, Bingen

Autark: Chad, Yalda, Arthur, Kevin, Otto, Radek

Open Work Labs: Jon

Aragon Association: Louis

Community: Fabrizio

### License
This template is modified from the Ethereum All Core Devs call notes template and inherits the same CC-BY-SA 3.0 License.
