
# All Aragon Devs #33 (Notes)
Call #33: October 14, 2019 8am PST / 11am EST / 3pm UTC / 5pm CEST

- [Audio/video of the meeting](https://youtu.be/sXupqPNdyEQ)
- [See notes](#notes)

### Agenda
* Appoint note takers
* Introduce team members who havenâ€™t already met each other (~0-5min)
* Updates from the last call and current priorities
    * Aragon One (~5min)
    * Autark (~5min)
    * Open Work Labs (~2min)
    * Aragon Mesh (~5min)
    * Aragon Black (~5min)
    * Association (~2min)
* Topics
    * Devcon V
    * Storj IPFS integration

### Notes

#### Introductions

No new people

### Updates

#### Aragon One

#### Last weeks

- Polish Fundraising template
- Release 0.8.2 with Fundraising on Rinkeby
- Finalize work on aragonUI to release v1 -> stable version

#### Network
- Potentially contracts will be freezed by the end of the week for an audit at the end of the month
- Start looking to court v2 -> Same court with a futarchy mechanisim.
    - Supre early stage, looking into tools for modeling the system


#### Autark

#### Last 2 weeks
- Most of the team on devcon
- Improve coverage after changes from the audits
- Contracts are locked
- Front-end doing one extra cycle and will release on Rinkeby soon
- Looking to do some user feedback before moving to mainnet
- Offsite next week, will focus on planning next initiatives

#### Open Work Labs

- Working on optimistic pinning for IPFS
- How to integrate the work done with the rest of the Aragon SDK (e.g. aragonCLI, client)
- Start experimenting with 3box as an identity provider

#### Aragon Black

- Release Fundraising to Rinkeby ðŸŽ‰
- Colaboration with A1 for the onboarding template
- Will work on feedback to improve current functionality

### Discussions

#### Devcon V

Interesting tools:

* [builder.dev](https://buidler.dev): plugin to have stack traces
* [Microsft VScode blockchain plugin](https://github.com/Microsoft/vscode-azure-blockchain-ethereum): repacement of solidity plugin with much more functionality for cloud services
* [Metamask plugin system](https://github.com/MetaMask/metamask-plugin-beta/wiki): new way to extend wallet functionality and RPC capabilities
* [Remix plugins](https://github.com/ethereum/remix-plugin): to extend Remix IDE's functionality
    * Remix team interested in helping us create some Aragon specific plugins
* MyCrypto will integrate with Agent and will also support Frame


Aragon announcements:
* Aragon chain will be built on Cosmos
    * [Aragon Feasability report](https://github.com/ChainSafe/AGP-Report/blob/master/Aragon%20Feasability%20Report%20-%20Oct%209%2C%202019.pdf) released
    * We will further discuss the topic in future calls


#### Storj

You will pay people to rent space on your computer.

Instead of using an IPFS cluster we can use the underlining network to store files. Storj added an IPFS frontend to their network and simplifies the infrastructure a lot. Hoprefully more robust and less moving pieces, so great leverage for us.


### Attendance

Aragon Black: Deam

Aragon Mesh: Gabi

Aragon One: Brett, Pierre, Bingen

Autark: Full team

Open Work Labs: Jon

Aragon Association:

Community:

### License
This template is modified from the Ethereum All Core Devs call notes template and inherits the same CC-BY-SA 3.0 License.
