## Aragon Community Meeting 06 Write-Up for November

### Luis - Project Lead

#### Hiring
- Helped hiring for
    - EVM/Solidity: Welcome, Brett!
    - Community Lead: Welcome, John!
- Helped setting up a shared inbox for hiring

#### Strategy
- Worked alongside with Maria, Jorge and third parties on this. Thought about ways VCs interested into the Aragon ecosystem can invest funds into developing it
- Also thought of how to invest some of the token sale funds into the ecosystem without much friction/without becoming VCs (thatâ€™s not our focus)

#### Dev
- Worked on the new website
- Some fixes for aragon-ui

#### Design
- Created a design challenge for the Design opening
- Created some visual assets

#### Events
- devcon!
  - Interviewed multiple key people for some interviews and a video that will come out soon
- Talked at the Aragon Helsinki meetup

#### Internal
- Continued token buyback
- Legal stuff

#### Community
- [AGP7](https://github.com/aragon/governance/issues/15)

### Next

#### Hiring
- Fill Operations Assistant position
- Make progress on filling the Design Lead opening
- Make progress on hiring a Frontend Dev

#### Internal
- Review Q4 goals for newly onboarded

#### Strategy
- Oversee new announcements

#### Community
- Release the signaling app
