## Aragon Community Meeting 01 Agenda
###### Meeting Date: July 14th, 4pm CEST
### [Meeting video](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=gNuDS1ONArU)
#### Participants
- @luisivan  
- @Smokyish, facilitator
- @izqui
- Maria
- @readevalprint
- @onbjerg
#### Agenda
- Introduction to Aragon Community Meetings by @luisivan
- Discussion about recent community events, set up by @Smokyish
- AMA, Ask Me Anything, team answers [questions by the community](https://www.reddit.com/r/aragonproject/comments/6mvq5s/aragon_community_meeting_01_ama_thread/)
- Closing meeting
