## Aragon Community Meeting 02 Agenda
###### Meeting Date: August 18th, 4pm CEST
### [Meeting video](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=tDUswMCC5lg)
#### Participants
- @luisivan  
- @Smokyish, facilitator
- @izqui
- @mariapao
- @readevalprint
- @onbjerg
- @harshjv
- philtable from Aragon #frontline
#### Agenda
- Community statistics from July and recent updates by @Smokyish & @luisivan
- AMA, Ask Me Anything, team answers [questions by the community](https://www.reddit.com/r/aragonproject/comments/6u1564/aragon_community_meeting_02_ama_thread/)
- Closing meeting
