## Aragon Community Meeting 03 Agenda

###### Meeting Date: September 8th, 4pm CEST
### [Meeting video](https://youtu.be/NUr5RwRa9as)

#### Participants
- @luisivan
- @Smokyish, facilitator
- @izqui
- @mariapao
- @readevalprint
- @onbjerg
- @harshjv

#### Agenda
- Recent updates on Community by @Smokyish & @luisivan
- AMA, Ask Me Anything, team answers [questions by the community](https://www.reddit.com/r/aragonproject/comments/6yhk0r/aragon_community_meeting_03_ama_thread/)
- Closing meeting
