## Aragon Community Meeting 05 Agenda

###### Meeting Date: November 10th, 4pm CEST
### [Meeting video](https://www.youtube.com/c/AragonProject)

#### Participants
- @luisivan
- @Smokyish, facilitator
- @izqui
- @mariapao
- @bpierre
- @lkngtn
- @philtable, Aragon #frontline community member

#### Agenda
- Recent updates on Community by @Smokyish & @luisivan
- AMA, Ask Me Anything, team answers [questions by the community](https://www.reddit.com/r/aragonproject/comments/7bsd70/aragon_community_meeting_05_ama_thread/)
- Closing meeting
