## Aragon Community Meeting 08 Agenda

###### Meeting Date: February 13th, 5pm CEST
### [Meeting video](https://youtu.be/iTh9QMgg0ZQ)

#### Participants
- @luisivan
- @Smokyish, facilitator
- @izqui
- @mariapao
- @bpierre
- @lkngtn
- @onbjerg
- @john-light
- @sohkai
- @alexarwr

#### Agenda
- Discussion about the issues in the write-ups by team members
- Recent updates on the Project by @izqui
- Recent updates on the Community by @john-light
- AMA, Ask Me Anything, team answers [questions by the community](https://www.reddit.com/r/aragonproject/comments/7vffvc/aragon_community_meeting_08_ama_thread/)
- Closing meeting

#### Write-Ups
> Team members will produce a write-up of the most important things they have worked on since last Community Meeting, the problems they have found and what they plan to do in the next weeks (that can be a bit blurry, and that's fine). These write-ups will be published as a blog post for the community to review on Monday before Friday's meeting.

- [Alexa - Operations Assistant](../community/write-ups/cm08/alexa.md)
- [Brett - EVM/Solidity/\*](../community/write-ups/cm08/brett.md)
- [John - Community Lead](../community/write-ups/cm08/john.md)
- [Jorge - Tech Lead](../community/write-ups/cm08/jorge.md)
- [Luis - Project Lead](../community/write-ups/cm08/luis.md)
- [Luke - Research Lead](../community/write-ups/cm08/luke.md)
- [Maria - Head of Strategy and Operations](../community/write-ups/cm08/maria.md)
- [Oliver - Glue](../community/write-ups/cm08/oliver.md)
- [Pierre - Frontend Developer](../community/write-ups/cm08/pierre.md)
- [Tatu - Communications Lead](../community/write-ups/cm08/tatu.md)
