## Aragon Community Meeting 09 Agenda

###### Meeting Date: March 2nd, 5pm CEST
### [Meeting video](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=A1_9FbCmJ98)

#### Participants
- @luisivan, facilitator
- @Smokyish
- @izqui
- @mariapao
- @bpierre
- @lkngtn
- @onbjerg
- @john-light
- @sohkai
- @alexarwr

#### Agenda
- Recent updates on the Project by @izqui
- AMA, Ask Me Anything, team answers [questions by the community](https://www.reddit.com/r/aragonproject/comments/7zrnxn/aragon_community_meeting_09_ama_thread/)
- Closing meeting

#### Write-Ups
> Team members will produce a write-up of the most important things they have worked on since last Community Meeting, the problems they have found and what they plan to do in the next weeks (that can be a bit blurry, and that's fine). These write-ups will be published as a blog post for the community to review on Monday before Friday's meeting.

- [Alexa - Operations Assistant](write-ups/cm09/alexa.md)
- [Brett - EVM/Solidity/\*](write-ups/cm09/brett.md)
- [Bingen - Solidity Engineer](write-ups/cm09/bingen.md)
- [John - Community Lead](write-ups/cm09/john.md)
- [Jorge - Tech Lead](write-ups/cm09/jorge.md)
- [Jouni - Design Lead](write-ups/cm09/jouni.md)
- [Luis - Project Lead](write-ups/cm09/luis.md)
- [Luke - Research Lead](write-ups/cm09/luke.md)
- [Maria - Head of Strategy and Operations](write-ups/cm09/maria.md)
- [Oliver - Glue](write-ups/cm09/oliver.md)
- [Pierre - Frontend Developer](write-ups/cm09/pierre.md)
- [Tatu - Communications Lead](write-ups/cm09/tatu.md)
