# Nest Infrastructure Meeting
Thursday Nov 21st at 6pm-6:30pm UTC

<br>

## Agenda

### Nest investment meeting protocol
- application lead writes investment memo
- application lead shares investment memo with NestWG 1 week before upcoming Nest investment meeting 
- NestWG discusses investment memo during Nest investment meeting
- if the NestWG has no further questions or blockers on the proposal, put it to a vote during the meeting
- once a proposal is put to a vote the lead for the proposal needs to notify the team in their GitHub Issue
- votes are open for 14 days, but can be executed early if the required support is reached


### Nest Operations Budget

- An investment Memo took 5-6 hours of Joe's time, 3-4 hours on burrrata's time.
- Then time spent to chat with the team. 
- Then there needs time to take time to review the deliverables before reward is issued

If we are moving Nest away from the AA it makes sense to have an operational budget. 

We would prefer that full time contributors do not get compensated if it is part of their full time roles. We would like to encourage community members to participate.

The more people you can financially incentivize, the better. We need to create a better culture around financial incentives.

The initial prop in Nest report was 16% of grant amount to Nest manager and 4% to Nest DAO. Do we want to rethink that? 
- Ex: for MESG the reward would be around $4K for the whole process at the end of all milestones.

Almost all regular Aragon ecosystem contributors are A) employed full time, and B) have a maxed out workload. If we restrict compensation to community contributors who are not on payrole very few people will be eligible. People who are qualified to contribute will not want to because they're already busy. It's going to be very hard to decentralize the network if there's a no incentive for full time contributors to get involved in more DAOs and WGs.

Ex: it's Saturday morning and I (burrrata) am writing this agenda and working on NestDAO related things such as creating new Keybase groups and Notion pages. This is obviously voluntary and on top of all the other work I'm doing. I'm doing it because someone needs to do it otherwise it will not get done. We're literally trying to change the way the world operates by making DAOs a thing in the world. This is non trivial and takes a lot of work. We should inventivize people who want to do work to do as much work as possible as often as possible and as well as possible.

### Communication Channels?

We are currently using Keybase groups. In chats many Nest members agreed that we should improve our communications infrastructure, but were wary of adding on yet another platform/service to keep track of and manage. 

@burrrata 
- Created a new nest_dao keybase group with multiple channels so that nest_dao members can more effectively allocate their attention to matters of interest. (cost: free)
- Also created a [NestDAO Notion page](https://www.notion.so/aragon/NestDAO-e4d5b081883449f7bbe0c634b93a65b0) for NestDAO members to discuss NestDAO related stuff. (cost: $10 per month, but everyone already has it)

@stellarmagnet 
- Recommends [Loomio](https://www.loomio.org/). Created a [doc explaining the benefits of Loomio](https://hackmd.io/pAhtAjs4QvOsfsS2ySfzzw).
- Cost: according to the [Loomio pricing page](https://www.loomio.org/pricing) it's $1 per user per month

@louisgrx 
- Wants to make sure that we make public how to participate in the DAO and get onboarded. We should explore how to be more transparent.

<br>

### NestDAO Membership
- offboarding

<br>

## Notes

### Nest investment meeting protocol
- NestDAO member assigns a deal to themselves to open GitHub Issues to lead the deal
- application lead writes investment memo
- application lead shares investment memo with NestWG 1 week before upcoming Nest investment meeting 
- NestWG discusses investment memo during Nest investment meeting
- if NestDAO members have no further questions or blockers on the proposal, put it to a vote during the meeting
- once a proposal is put to a vote the lead for the proposal needs to notify the team in their GitHub Issue
- votes are open for 14 days, but can be executed early if the required support is reached

### Task Coordination
- We're happy using Notion as a task manager.

### CRM
- We're going to explore using Notion because then we can keep everything all in one place
- The lead for a deal is responsible for keeping the Notion task and GitHub Issue updated
- In the future if we want to change that we can

### Incentives

Is the time sink enough of an incentive to discourage people from leading all deals?
- we think so

Skin in the game?
- NestDAO members need to ensure that the project is successful, otherwise they will not get more funding => thus NestDAO members are incentivized to curate membership and if members are not adding value they will be off-boarded

All NestDAO members and managers are eligible to be compensated. This rewards members based on the work they do. This will allow the NestDAO to act as a decentralized autonomous organization. This will also incentivize people within the Aragon community (or outside the community) to spend extra time on top of their full time job to contribute to the NestDAO.

### Transparency

We need to make sure that information is publicly available on how to participate in the DAO. This includes, but is not limited to onboarding, participation, and offboarding. We should explore more ways to make the NestDAO more transparent, engaging, and accessible.
- will create a task (and assign Louis to it) to explore how this might work

### Communication Channels

GitHub, Keybase, and Notion are what we are using currently. They work. Open to exploring Loomio, but hesitant to take on a new platform.
- Yalda will create Loomio threads for refining current RFP drafts ("who voted for what" app and the "memberships/subscriptions" app)
- Will create a Notion task and announcement on NestDAO Keybase

### Other 

If you lead a deal, you must abstain from voting on your own deal.
- someone will need to check this on a vote by vote basis until we automate the process

Need an RFP to create a way to see who voted on what in DAOs.

When we launch the Mainnet DAO we will add the Projects app to create bounties for NestDAO operations and tasks.

### Attendance

TBD

<br>