# Aragon blog posts 2018

## May

### [**Decentralizing Aragon’s development III: Onboarding new teams**](https://blog.aragon.one/decentralizing-aragons-development-iii-onboarding-new-teams-32786cb805a5)
**Incentivizing new teams to work on common Aragon infrastructure**

> We have already explained why we are decentralizing Aragon’s development, how we are decentralizing the legal vehicle that represents the project and introduced Aragon One, the first company contributing to Aragon’s development. In this post, we will lay out the strategy for onboarding more teams to work on core Aragon infrastructure. 

### [**Introducing Aragon One**](https://blog.aragon.one/introducing-aragon-one-b14dd804c5ce)
**The first company contributing to Aragon’s development**

> Since we released the first version of the Aragon whitepaper, we knew that it was important to split the non-profit entity overseeing the project from the actual companies or teams working on its development.
> 
> Today, we are announcing the next step. We are announcing Aragon One.

### [**First community-wide Aragon Feedback Survey!**](https://blog.aragon.one/first-community-wide-aragon-feedback-survey-132df9547fbc)
**Tell us what you think of Aragon and how we can improve the project in the future**

> Now that we have released Aragon Core v0.5 — The Architect — it’s time to hear your thoughts on how has your experience with it been and how can we improve it in the future. This survey is about the Aragon project in general, so you can take part even if you haven’t used the app yet! 

### [**Aragon Q1 Development Update**](https://blog.aragon.one/aragon-q1-development-update-b5525e9477c4)
**Progress of development from the first quarter of 2018**

> Releasing Aragon Core v0.5, The Architect, was the biggest development milestone during the first quarter of the year. 

### [**Aragon Nest: First awarded grants**](https://blog.aragon.one/aragon-nest-first-awarded-grants-29a2f3aa8d4a)
**Five teams already funded and building is underway**

> Now, it’s time to introduce the first five projects that we’ve granted funding in order for them to flourish, thrive and to pursue their goals of advancing these ecosystems.

### [**The Aragon Manifesto**](https://blog.aragon.one/the-aragon-manifesto-4a21212eac03)
**A pledge to fight for freedom**

> We believe humankind should use technology as a liberating tool to unleash all the goodwill and creativity of our species, rather than as a tool to enslave and take advantage of one another.

> Thus, Aragon is a fight for freedom. Aragon empowers freedom by creating liberating tools that leverage decentralized technologies.

### [**Decentralizing Aragon’s development II: Minimum Viable Foundation**](https://blog.aragon.one/decentralizing-aragons-development-ii-minimum-viable-foundation-8ec1f9a13ebc)
**Reducing the Aragon Foundation to its minimum in order to decentralize the governance and development of the project**

> We have previously shared our plans to transform the Aragon project to a community governed project. As described in the decentralizing Aragon’s development post, reducing the Foundation to its minimum is a key step in reaching that goal and decoupling the project from the foundational team working on it, and to level the playground for other teams to jump into the core development of the project.

## April

### [**Aragon + Zug = ❤**](https://blog.aragon.one/aragon-zug-f4d7aaff15e1)
**Aragon’s legal entity and operations are moving to Zug, Switzerland**

> We first met with the government of Zug a year ago, thanks to Ethereum’s cofounder and Aragon’s advisor Mihai Alisie. Mihai set up Ethereum Foundation’s operations in Zug back in the day, and he was one of the early proponents of the Crypto Valley — a vibrant crypto ecosystem across Switzerland and Lichtenstein — with Zug at its epicenter.

> But Zug is a very special place for multiple reasons. Let’s explore them.

### [**Aragon Team Update: March 2018**](https://blog.aragon.one/aragon-team-update-march-2018-5c443bd7e748)
**Written reviews of what the team members have been up to**

> Team members will produce a write-up of the most important things they have worked on since last Community Meeting, the problems they have found and what they plan to do in the next weeks (that can be a bit blurry, and that’s fine). These write-ups will be published as a blog post for the community to review on Monday before Friday’s meeting.

## March

### [**Aragon Core v0.5 — ”The Architect” release**](https://blog.aragon.one/aragon-core-v0-5-the-architect-release-327c7163b89c)
**The most powerful Aragon release to date**

> We’re extremely excited to be announcing the next major milestone of the Aragon project along with our brand new video!

### [**Team Interviews: Chris, Aragon’s Product Manager**](https://blog.aragon.one/team-interviews-chris-aragons-product-manager-c243c716213)
**Chris is joining the team to enhance the product development process even further**

> Latest interviewee in our Team Interviews is Chris, Aragon’s new Product Manager! We dive into his thoughts of how Ethereum and Aragon can help change the world for the better, what steps we can take to make creating Aragon an even better process and his philosophy on life.

## February

### [**Aragon Team Update: February 2018**](https://blog.aragon.one/aragon-team-update-february-2018-1a8bb4bea742)
**Written reviews of what the team members have been up to**

> Team members will produce a write-up of the most important things they have worked on since last Community Meeting, the problems they have found and what they plan to do in the next weeks (that can be a bit blurry, and that’s fine). These write-ups will be published as a blog post for the community to review on Monday before Friday’s meeting.

### [**Aragon @ ETHDenver Recap**](https://blog.aragon.one/aragon-ethdenver-recap-4a869a68bda2)
**An incredible weekend of building and bonding with the Denver community**

> This past weekend several members of the Aragon team, including Jorge, Luke, Oliver, and myself (John), attended ETHDenver in Colorado, USA. ETHDenver is an Ethereum community event featuring a hackathon and workshops.

### [**Team Interviews: Jouni, Aragon’s Design Lead**](https://blog.aragon.one/team-interviews-jouni-aragons-design-lead-705378551d3b)
**Jouni is an experienced designer who’s looking to change the future of society and work**

> This time on Team Interviews Jouni, Aragon’s new Design Lead! We get into his previous work designing open source software, what kind of impact technology can have on our global living environment and how he sees Ethereum and the blockchain technology potentially shaping the future of society and work.

### [**Team Interviews: Bingen, Aragon’s Solidity Engineer**](https://blog.aragon.one/team-interviews-bingen-aragons-solidity-engineer-9ae1bf9814fc)
**Bingen is a developer and an open source advocate joining Aragon to make the world a better place**

> Today our Team Interview is with Bingen, Aragon’s new Solidity Engineer — we talked about his interest to make the world a better place through Aragon, and what are his thoughts on Ethereum.

### [**Aragon at ETHDenver**](https://blog.aragon.one/aragon-at-ethdenver-4687d319bf65)
**Aragon is a proud sponsor, mentor, and bounty provider at the ETHDenver hackathon**

> For all of February 16–18, 2018 you can find several of Aragon team members at the ETHDenver hackathon. We’re proud to be sponsoring this exciting event and are very much looking forward to seeing what people come up with there.

### [**Decentralizing Aragon’s development**](https://blog.aragon.one/decentralizing-aragons-development-5062fd6d135d)
**Splitting the Foundation from the core devs, and kickstarting funding for other teams to work on Aragon**

> For the project to be as resilient as possible, the development of the project should not be controlled by a single central entity. It should be in the hands of the community and multiple different development teams.

### [**Announcing Aragon Labs**](https://blog.aragon.one/announcing-aragon-labs-a679693429ae)
**Where research meets development**

> The goal of Aragon Labs is to enable experimental research and development efforts that move fast and some times break (minor) things. Running these experiments allows us to learn from these experiences. And we can re-iterate and run these experiments for as long as we need. Until we are confident that our tools and products have become stable and mature. That their development has reached a point that signifies them ready to secure valuable ecosystems such as the Aragon Network itself.

### [**Aragon Team Update: January 2018**](https://blog.aragon.one/aragon-team-update-january-2018-aacd32b709ed)
**Written reviews of what the team members have been up to**

> Team members will produce a write-up of the most important things they have worked on since last Community Meeting, the problems they have found and what they plan to do in the next weeks (that can be a bit blurry, and that’s fine). These write-ups will be published as a blog post for the community to review on Monday before Friday’s meeting.

### [**Bringing DAOs back — Aragon Monthly**](https://blog.aragon.one/bringing-daos-back-aragon-monthly-92756cb65639)
**Aragon Monthly is a community curated digital newspaper about DAOs and the Aragon ecosystem**

> Decentralized Autonomous Organizations aka DAOs have for too long been a taboo few dared to speak out loud. The catastrophic failure of The DAO ensured that the topic of decentralized organizations was pushed into oblivion.

## January

### [**Introducing aragonOS 3.0 alpha, the new operating system for protocols and DApps**](https://blog.aragon.one/introducing-aragonos-3-0-alpha-the-new-operating-system-for-protocols-and-dapps-348f7ac92cff)
**Smart contract codebase has been frozen, audit with WHG starts today and announcement for Aragon v0.5 release schedule**

> The scope of Aragon’s influence has been broadening ever since the team started growing from just myself and Luis to a dozen of brilliant freedom fighters... We’ve gone from it being a nice way to manage a traditional business to a full-stack governance platform for sovereign individuals, organizations, and protocols in the blockchain.

### [**Launch of Aragon Nest**](https://blog.aragon.one/launch-of-aragon-nest-8d42d1a37595)
**Grants program is open for submissions**

> At the end of 2017 we presented Aragon Nest to the community and encouraged people to start coming up with ideas for the launch... Now the time has come to launch the program.

### [**Aragon Q4 Transparency Report**](https://blog.aragon.one/aragon-q4-transparency-report-df3195ba6fd3)
**A recap of what has been going on with Aragon during Q4 2017**

> As per our Transparency Model, we do quarterly Transparency Reports of our use of funds and about the overall progress of the project.

### [**Aragon Q4 Development Update**](https://blog.aragon.one/aragon-q4-development-update-32a21935333e)
**Progress of development from the last quarter of 2017**

> In the last quarter of 2017 we were heads down developing everything for the version 0.5 release of the Aragon Core app.

### [**Aragon Team Update: December 2017**](https://blog.aragon.one/aragon-team-update-december-2017-cf076d3a46a3)
**Written reviews of what the team members have been up to**

> Team members will produce a write-up of the most important things they have worked on since last Community Meeting, the problems they have found and what they plan to do in the next weeks (that can be a bit blurry, and that’s fine). These write-ups will be published as a blog post for the community to review on Monday before Friday’s meeting.
