# **[Aragon Project blog](https://blog.aragon.org/)** posts in 2019

## April

### [**Final details for Aragon Network Vote #2**](https://blog.aragon.org/final-details-for-aragon-network-vote-2/)
**Aragon Network Vote #2 is scheduled to begin on April 25, 2019 at 16:00 UTC.**

> Read on for instructions about how to participate in the vote.

### [**Aragon 0.7 Bella is here**](https://blog.aragon.org/aragon-0-7-bella-is-here/)
**We believe that everyone should be able to use decentralized organizations. That's why making them easy and secure matters.**

> Bella is the easiest-to-use Aragon release to date. Let's discover why.

## March

### [**All official photos and videos from AraCon 2019 are now online**](https://blog.aragon.org/photos-and-videos-from-aracon-2019/)
**In January 2019 the Aragon community gathered in Berlin for the first AraCon - the Aragon community conference.**

> For those who couldn’t make it, missed some of the action, or just want to relive some of the experience, we now have an AraCon 2019 photo gallery on the Internet Archive and a video playlist of all presentations and panel discussions on the Aragon Project YouTube channel for your viewing pleasure.

### [**Introducing aragonSDK**](https://blog.aragon.org/introducing-aragonsdk/)
**aragonSDK is the easiest way of creating fully decentralized applications.**

> Developers will be the ones that create apps, and empower the world at large to bring decentralized organizations to life.
>
> For that purpose, we have created state-of-the-art libraries, tools, and guidelines. All those are now under the umbrella of aragonSDK. Let's explore them.

## February

### [**Aragon Q4 2018 Transparency Report**](https://blog.aragon.org/aragon-q4-2018-transparency-report/)
**A recap of what has been going on with Aragon during Q4 2018.**

> As per our Transparency Model, we do quarterly Transparency Reports of our use of funds and about the overall progress of the project.

## January

### [**Aragon comes back to the desktop**](https://blog.aragon.org/aragon-desktop/)
**Enhancing user experience while maximizing decentralization**

> Before being a web application, Aragon was born as a desktop app.
>
> The line between a web and a desktop app is blurring and will eventually become invisible. Yet, as of today, web apps are still limited, especially in our ecosystem since users need to run software not supported by browsers. For example an IPFS node with its native and fast implementation.

### [**Final results from Aragon Network Vote #1**](https://blog.aragon.org/final-results-from-aragon-network-vote-1/)
**On January 26, 2019, Aragon Network Vote #1, the first vote held under the newly ratified Aragon Governance Proposal Process, concluded.**

> Twelve proposals were submitted before the deadline, and nine were approved by the Aragon Association Board of Directors to move to the final ballot for a vote by ANT holders. Between January 24th and January 26th, ANT holders cast their votes to approve or reject the proposals on the ballot.
>
> Here are the final results from Aragon Network Vote #1.

### [**Aragon Monthly Issue 12 is out!**](https://blog.aragon.org/aragon-monthly-issue-12-is-out/)
**The latest issue of the community curated digital newspaper about DAOs, decentralized governance and the Aragon ecosystem covering December 2018.**

> Aragon Monthly was introduced a while back in my post Bringing DAOs back — Aragon Monthly and has since been a monthly aggregated source of News and Articles for people interested in decentralized organizations and governance.

### [**Final details for Aragon Governance Proposal Vote #1**](https://blog.aragon.org/agp-vote-1/)
**Aragon Governance Proposal (AGP) Vote #1, the first vote held under the recently ratified Aragon Governance Proposal Process, is scheduled to begin on January 24, 2019 at 00:00 UTC.**

> After a nearly two-month long period during which anyone could write and submit their own AGP for consideration - a period that was extended by one week following an emergency vote by the Aragon Association - a total of twelve proposals were submitted before the deadline. The Aragon Association reviewed and then voted to approve nine of those proposals, which will now move on to the official ballot to be voted on by ANT holders.

### [**Everything You Need To Know About AraCon**](https://blog.aragon.org/everything-you-need-to-know-about-aracon/)
**The countdown is on! With just three days left before registration closes and less than two weeks until the event kicks off, AraCon is officially right around the corner.**

> This post has two purposes. For those of you who have registered already, think of this as your guide to getting excited. It's got all the info you need to start prepping your trip and figuring out how to make the most of your time in Berlin. For those of you who are still on the fence, however, consider this our final appeal to your good sense to join us for what is shaping up to be an amazing event.

### [**Aragon Q4 Development Update**](https://blog.aragon.org/aragon-q4-2018-development-update/)
**The progress of development from the fourth quarter of 2018.**

> The fourth quarter of 2018, spanning the months of October to December, was all about shipping, iterating, and then more shipping. The period also coincided with many breakthroughs on our research, from scalable on-chain voting to a crystallization of the first version of the Aragon Network. The results have helped guide the Aragon project’s product roadmap as well as the Flock proposals of Aragon One and the Aragon DAC.

### [**5 Reasons We Made AraCon Less Than $200**](https://blog.aragon.org/5-reasons-we-made-aracon-less-than-200/)
**AraCon is right around the corner.**

> One thing that was important to us when we set out to plan AraCon was that it didn’t turn into the expensive, four-figure ticket price that became common for crypto events over the last years.
