## Nest WG call #1

Call happening on 17th of October, 5PM CEST 

### Presentation of the Nest Program Analysis Worked on by @Joeycharlesworth and @Burrrata

Link to presentation slides: https://docs.google.com/presentation/d/1J4At-ebSI1uVQ2jxo650WV49P1atuFP4fGr-_SHW1Sk/edit?usp=sharing

#### Going through the Nest Grant allocation funnel
- Sourcing: Nest is seeing a small fraction of teams that could apply to the program
    - Need to implement a CRM system
    - Encourage for profits to apply
    - Have scouts to hunt deals

- Due Diligence: Currently few people involved and not very structured
    - Have 1 person due dil reports doing in depth analysis for Nest proposals and presented to Nest WG
    - We should adapt due dils according to the amount of the funding

- Selection:For now we have 25% acceptance on proposals submitted to the repo
    -  We need to be more selective!

- Support: We need to provide more support on different things
    - Make sure they understand the tech stack and have support on that
    - Help teams get user feedback on what they are building

- Shipping: is hard we have to help people get audits and legal counsel, as well as marketing

- Retention: we need to do more to keeep our Nesteeees after they are done with grants!
    - Most former grantees have left the ecosystem
    - We could invite Nest graduates to join the Nest DAO as a member :)
    - Nest grantees can have shared ownership in each other's projects

- Performance evaluation:
    - set clear goals
    - have more projects shipping on mainnet

- Marketing: The more marketing the more applicants, the better the products shipped :)
    - Diplay our portfolio
    - give more updates
    - provide transparency on how the Nest DAO runs!

- Github is cool but it is not a CRM, we have to get a CRM it is much better to manager our pipeline.

- Incentive alignment: for now there is low community engagement. Lack of structure and accountability. People in the Nest DAO are busy!
    - Create roles in the Nest DAO
    - Split funding milestones based
    - Have Nest teams operate as Aragon DAOs
    - Have a Nest manager to be responsible and champion  a given Nest project. Gets 16% of project funds
    - The Nest DAO WGs need to get 4% of funds for their participation in the different steps of the process
    - This 20% are extra on top of funds allocated to a given Nest project

- Budget:
    - 35% of Nest budget will go to the Nest program functioning and ops/support the rest goes to grantees

**Next steps:** There is a next steps section in the google doc.

### Conversation following the presentation


- The Nest DAO members reward sharing is a tricky topic
- What is the plan to have community buy in?
    - release the slides first and a recording of the presentation on Youtube
- How many Nest managers would we need?
    - It can be done with light input by a few Nest Managers
    - The program itself should be structured so everything is easy to do
    - We should not be exclusive to who can or cannot be a Nest Manager or Nest DAO member.
- ROI and evaluation metrics can be specific to a given project. Some are universal though like retention of talents.


- **We need to DECIDE WHAT ARE THE HIGHER LEVEL OBJECTIVES FOR ARAGON** to establish the objectives of the Nest program

### Ethereum foundation grants team sync during DevconV
- Eager to collaborate
- Peferably collaborate on things that would directly benefit to Aragon
- Invite an EF person to be a member of the Nest DAO


Attendance:

- Aaron
- Burrrata
- Joe
- Louis
- Bingen
- Gabi
